kg traveling 100 kg
patient 188 kg several
240 kg tomatoes 53
kg samples 49 kg
applied 220 kg divided
195 kg measured 137
kg studied 227 kg
increase 331 kg produce
394 kg provide 253
kg require 69 kg
usually 125 king himself
56 king allowed 87
king appeared 87 king
becomes 42 king brought
90 king carried 56
king claimed 123 king
decided 79 king decreed
65 king desired 59
king enjoyed 58 king
erected 71 king forbade
67 king founded 92
king granted 898 king
himself 187 king imposed
90 king invited 98
king married 65 king
mentions 73 king offered
95 king ordered 670
king refused 86 king
removed 46 king visited
76 king withdrew 43
king animals 55 king
princes 48 king savages
42 king carried 106
king enabled 71 king
present 93 king subject
45 king forward 81
king service 149 king
himself 55 king towards
65 king against 271
king forward 802 king
himself 137 king upwards
80 king himself 46
king fishery 1176 king
because 49 king shortly
160 king himself 70
king pleasure 70 king
against 123 king allowed
44 king offered 59
king ordered 52 king
enjoyed 112 king existed
126 king meddles 60
king reigned 53 king
wielded 51 king ashamed
84 king himself 751
king obliged 260 king
himself 55 king hundred
194 king thousand 92
king himself 78 king
hundred 52 king shillings
86 king thousand 57
king accepting 54 king
ancient 50 king attacking
72 king attending 196
king babylon 64 king
capture 76 king certain
103 king charles 44
king declaring 58 king
embarking 81 king employing
46 king espousing 62
king executing 50 king
following 194 king foreign
88 king germany 56
king governing 59 king
hampton 410 king hanover
128 king himself 67
king holland 124 king
indulging 44 king ireland
216 king listening 52
king obtaining 42 king
outside 211 king pardoning
140 king punishing 80
king recalling 53 king
receiving 115 king returning
93 king reversing 46
king several 49 king
leisure 75 king certain
48 king command 168
king consent 109 king
himself 662 king several
56 king counsel 79
king service 203 king
content 50 king service
75 king alarmed 50
king steadily 41 king
stronger 77 king mercies
72 king pleasure 75
king arrived 118 king
decided 73 king defeated
83 king desired 75
king divided 72 king
entered 156 king escaped
53 king finally 51
king granted 305 king
invited 60 king marched
59 king married 129
king ordered 336 king
perused 40 king refused
179 king retired 93
king settled 91 king
visited 93 king written
44 king captive 136
king council 53 king
himself 129 king alluded
70 king present 54
king accepting 75 king
account 98 king believing
126 king contact 47
king custody 59 king
germany 60 king ireland
139 king granted 129
king himself 142 king
resided 47 king because
98 king control 41
king himself 135 king
himself 74 king himself
56 king hampton 57
king windsor 60 king
himself 57 king charles
341 king hezekiah 60
king himself 153 king
richard 148 king solomon
203 king stephen 78
king forever 771 king
control 148 king certain
113 king efforts 48
king himself 727 king
inquiry 78 king language
40 king offerings 102
king several 337 king
towards 75 king himself
110 king himself 51
king offerings 330 king
gracious 70 king against
60 king closely 314
king glorious 46 king
leisure 44 king strongly
123 king eminent 47
king worthily 71 king
trouble 84 king appoint
117 king approve 48
king conform 76 king
consult 170 king control
72 king himself 67
king observe 91 king
perform 73 king possess
160 king prevail 56
king promise 68 king
protect 181 king provide
94 king receive 129
king respect 173 king
restore 47 king ordered
104 king invited 68
king ordered 66 king
reigned 65 king allowed
67 king because 572
king desired 108 king
escaped 76 king laughed
171 king reigned 40
king replied 56 king
against 121 king babylon
83 king certain 51
king everything 66 king
granada 84 king himself
1365 king ireland 155
king millions 55 king
several 46 king subject
137 king everything 69
king tribute 99 king
trusses 457 king himself
210 king forward 168
king gravely 64 king
merrily 40 king moreover
43 king quietly 115
king sharply 46 king
sternly 49 king himself
131 king himself 40
king glorious 49 king
himself 93 king occasion
58 king against 221
king certain 54 king
forward 169 king general
97 king heralds 63
king jacques 50 king
letters 660 king persons
99 king several 196
king himself 421 king
himself 83 king himself
310 king service 65
king appeared 108 king
arrived 45 king brought
53 king married 42
king realized 83 king
reduced 64 king counsel
40 king pleasure 51
king conduct 44 king
founder 76 king appeared
59 king smaller 92
king himself 75 king
hundred 350 king thousand
204 king himself 1127
king against 57 king
careful 81 king command
91 king control 134
king counsel 1144 king
courage 70 king delight
99 king himself 67
king matters 54 king
measures 112 king occasion
194 king offense 50
king pleasure 204 king
several 109 king shelter
131 king umbrage 188
king vengeance 51 king
himself 209 king certain
173 king himself 51
king letters 40 king
receiving 40 king closely
42 king plainly 64
king strongly 60 king
against 204 king forward
524 king himself 167
king outside 64 king
towards 61 king allowed
269 king aroused 44
king brought 316 king
capable 63 king carried
292 king checked 81
king chiefly 59 king
colonel 61 king covered
48 king crowned 57
king defeated 131 king
derived 51 king devoted
58 king divided 163
king equally 162 king
erected 47 king finally
40 king granted 124
king ignored 42 king
inferior 43 king limited
306 king married 61
king members 40 king
obliged 122 king opposed
62 king ordered 109
king perhaps 50 king
present 829 king reduced
121 king released 50
king removed 235 king
rescued 59 king revoked
72 king several 43
king strongly 80 king
subject 75 king superior
69 king unknown 56
king usually 144 king
violated 44 king written
102 king charles 55
king jehovah 105 king
napoleon 45 king abandon
64 king acquire 49
king appoint 199 king
approve 72 king attempt
130 king believe 76
king command 171 king
confirm 115 king conquer
77 king consent 184
king declare 71 king
deliver 88 king destroy
114 king execute 50
king finally 44 king
forgive 184 king himself
74 king observe 42
king perform 104 king
perhaps 61 king possess
44 king present 64
king prevail 44 king
promise 55 king protect
132 king provide 161
king receive 422 king
recover 89 king rejoice
138 king require 61
king respond 54 king
restore 170 king shortly
76 king succeed 73
king support 79 king
husband 309 king justice
163 km towards 152
km between 114 km
contour 354 km daytime
317 km abidjan 326
km airport 467 km
algiers 68 km baghdad
122 km caracas 121
km central 821 km
chennai 231 km colombo
573 km highway 191
km irkutsk 74 km
jakarta 90 km jupiter
189 km kampala 417
km karachi 79 km
leningrad 101 km lucknow
70 km ludhiana 153
km montreal 46 km
nairobi 208 km neptune
81 km northeast 234
km northern 201 km
present 60 km pretoria
94 km railway 190
km santiago 235 km
shanghai 106 km shillong
173 km singapore 83
km southern 236 km
surface 121 km tallinn
58 km victoria 182
km village 114 km
western 108 km windhoek
163 km squares 1208
km between 157 km
between 227 km northeast
123 km network 78
km missile 313 km
between 96 km between
215 km network 491
km elastic 103 km
overlying 90 km carried
47 km covered 305
km measured 144 km
between 776 km central
46 km channel 143
km coastal 369 km
extending 306 km stretch
97 kw element 175
kw turbine 1367 kw
operating 49 kw turbine