kg patient 150 kg
protein 431 kg divided
1016 kg rapidly 113
kg traveling 181 kg
removed 79 kg require
267 king matters 65
king according 50 king
against 77 king swiftly
46 king charles 91
king receiving 79 king
richard 46 king romulus
74 king solomon 110
king appeared 119 king
crossed 45 king granted
46 king marched 54
king offered 95 king
ordered 105 king pressed
56 king refused 182
king renewed 42 king
visited 71 king appeared
91 king himself 42
king himself 65 king
himself 62 king lambert
130 king nehemiah 42
king quietly 49 king
sharply 42 king solomon
67 king himself 253
king himself 1059 king
himself 148 king himself
120 king temples 65
king himself 55 king
himself 219 king together
52 king forward 157
king achieve 113 king
acquire 134 king address
43 king appoint 503
king collect 220 king
command 536 king conquer
91 king consult 71
king contain 45 king
control 274 king declare
211 king deprive 60
king destroy 43 king
dictate 51 king dismiss
164 king dispose 199
king empower 64 king
enforce 106 king ennoble
51 king exploit 41
king furnish 52 king
himself 70 king impress
52 king increase 105
king inflict 44 king
initiate 71 king justify
100 king legally 292
king observe 62 king
perform 128 king possess
51 king present 46
king preside 42 king
prevail 99 king prevent
173 king proceed 85
king procure 113 king
produce 52 king propose
58 king protect 122
king provide 207 king
receive 282 king recover
80 king require 162
king restore 66 king
rightly 57 king satisfy
63 king succeed 112
king support 61 king
survive 57 king suspect
57 king suspend 99
king usually 59 king
venture 102 king himself
177 king defending 66
king himself 54 king
himself 102 king thousand
99 king himself 298
king himself 508 king
appeared 47 king applied
97 king brought 88
king entered 41 king
erected 65 king granted
92 king offered 56
king ordered 49 king
shillings 47 king thousand
43 king himself 5190
king himself 91 king
himself 40 king himself
122 king entered 44
king against 71 king
himself 177 king married
48 king ordered 48
king agrippa 335 king
antipas 130 king against
173 king granted 93
king himself 288 king
heartily 70 king against
41 king forward 340
king happily 118 king
justice 53 king himself
284 king offerings 115
king appoint 744 king
approve 80 king attempt
62 king collect 41
king command 189 king
conduct 51 king consult
72 king control 55
king declare 127 king
despair 76 king dispose
97 king himself 137
king legally 49 king
perhaps 221 king possess
166 king presume 73
king prevail 57 king
prevent 59 king proceed
83 king propose 50
king proudly 79 king
publish 76 king receive
237 king recover 110
king require 278 king
succeed 75 king suggest
48 king suspect 59
king withdraw 48 king
against 96 king forward
107 king quickly 75
king swiftly 48 king
towards 91 king chandra
113 king charles 96
king hezekiah 53 king
solomon 117 king theodoric
45 king windsor 92
king allowed 56 king
appeared 68 king claimed
52 king doubted 92
king entered 102 king
forgave 335 king forgets
57 king reigned 196
king visited 66 king
wavered 52 king infringed
65 king visited 86
king everything 173 king
himself 74 king against
43 king desired 98
king royally 49 king
according 62 king because
52 king according 89
king himself 92 king
himself 781 king hundred
83 king appoint 562
king command 164 king
compare 108 king declare
107 king deprive 52
king forfeit 41 king
furnish 69 king inflict
108 king observe 47
king possess 98 king
present 127 king presume
73 king prevent 63
king proceed 75 king
protect 108 king provide
309 king receive 260
king rejoice 697 king
require 154 king restore
59 king succeed 50
king witness 56 king
himself 46 king himself
223 king himself 40
king charles 117 king
richard 49 king solomon
125 king outside 52
king shillings 40 king
soundly 78 king against
155 king several 40
king forward 40 king
outside 40 king forward
149 king carried 41
king claimed 69 king
dropped 67 king enjoyed
60 king existed 47
king refused 350 king
refuses 50 king reigned
77 king remains 80
king retains 87 king
between 126 king opposed
61 king outside 153
king sponsor 105 king
captive 63 king command
57 king pleasure 61
king himself 54 king
thousand 63 king himself
85 king towards 41
king eastward 44 king
certain 65 king charles
48 king control 70
king pretext 44 king
brought 76 king enabled
41 king follows 65
king battles 43 king
capital 164 king conduct
90 king country 114
king decrees 119 king
destiny 74 king dominion
100 king dynasty 90
king election 50 king
function 54 king greatest
40 king history 82
king marriage 72 king
position 148 king religion
52 king remains 103
king servant 52 king
service 43 king southern
57 king subject 46
king victory 45 king
virtues 49 king moreover
53 king fifteen 58
king himself 131 king
written 96 king abandon
142 king abolish 47
king acquire 168 king
address 128 king advance
70 king appoint 582
king approve 288 king
attempt 310 king believe
180 king benefit 62
king command 226 king
concede 130 king confirm
163 king conform 59
king connive 50 king
conquer 104 king consent
626 king consult 154
king control 54 king
declare 263 king deliver
97 king deprive 51
king descend 65 king
destroy 125 king discuss
45 king dismiss 104
king embrace 51 king
entrust 66 king execute
80 king explain 54
king express 54 king
finally 113 king forgive
185 king furnish 226
king himself 188 king
imprint 86 king incline
40 king increase 62
king indulge 89 king
inflict 49 king justify
42 king observe 89
king oppress 44 king
perform 95 king perhaps
154 king possess 68
king present 118 king
preside 121 king prevail
41 king prevent 95
king proceed 166 king
produce 40 king promise
293 king propose 80
king protect 478 king
provide 534 king quickly
72 king receive 1249
king recover 310 king
redress 84 king refrain
51 king rejoice 80
king replace 66 king
require 306 king respect
69 king respond 67
king restore 370 king
sanction 78 king satisfy
87 king shortly 175
king succeed 118 king
suffice 64 king suggest
58 king support 171
king survive 74 king
suspect 52 king suspend
63 king sustain 43
king usually 93 king
venture 130 king welcome
129 king willingly 315
king withdraw 189 king
himself 43 king letters
202 km surface 130
km surface 282 km
between 169 km between
348 km produce 147