kg surgery 58 kg
provide 117 kg receive
459 kg nitrite 294
kg dropped 64 kg
increase 66 king himself
62 king himself 95
king himself 165 king
himself 114 king removed
80 king carried 60
king offered 51 king
resides 47 king himself
423 king himself 50
king refused 56 king
replied 66 king against
44 king himself 57
king himself 45 king
escaped 121 king withdrew
78 king alarmed 410
king emperor 161 king
enraged 200 king excited
47 king stronger 53
king subject 101 king
supreme 76 king worried
56 king congress 103
king jehovah 52 king
returning 41 king himself
50 king himself 293
king himself 128 king
chandra 117 king himself
316 king together 1629
king certain 42 king
himself 150 king himself
44 king himself 45
king ordered 58 king
forbids 45 king himself
121 king accepts 103
king granted 87 king
himself 86 king himself
87 king against 148
king refused 59 king
refused 176 king everything
42 king himself 45
king against 210 king
bravely 50 king granted
214 king ordered 173
king control 79 king
granted 48 king admired
48 king desired 77
king decrees 82 king
letters 332 king several
58 king strauss 70
king heartily 96 king
himself 77 king granted
46 king absalom 488
king forward 110 king
puzzled 266 king sternly
63 king towards 119
king because 42 king
replied 57 king gravely
48 king traders 57
king incense 71 king
himself 44 king rookery
145 king himself 63
king himself 595 king
himself 115 king himself
128 king against 40
king himself 63 king
himself 158 king himself
89 king himself 254
king himself 50 king
forward 59 king himself
239 king manhood 52
king acceded 50 king
granted 284 king yielded
52 king supreme 51
king himself 84 king
himself 125 king forward
109 king fillets 50
king utterly 57 king
permits 83 king himself
185 king abandon 116
king abolish 58 king
abstain 49 king acquire
57 king address 84
king advance 48 king
appoint 1850 king approve
92 king attempt 349
king cherish 54 king
collect 162 king command
552 king conduct 179
king confirm 140 king
conquer 177 king consent
163 king consult 361
king control 144 king
declare 274 king deliver
147 king deprive 68
king destroy 103 king
disband 74 king dismiss
283 king display 71
king embrace 61 king
enforce 70 king entrust
56 king espouse 54
king examine 76 king
execute 75 king express
65 king finally 58
king forfeit 87 king
forgive 70 king furnish
65 king himself 344
king imitate 74 king
improve 100 king increase
50 king inflict 68
king inherit 43 king
intrust 45 king neglect
60 king observe 196
king perform 199 king
persist 57 king possess
446 king prepare 46
king present 187 king
preside 50 king prevail
102 king prevent 67
king proceed 309 king
promise 160 king promote
86 king propose 144
king protect 527 king
provide 345 king receive
1097 king recover 196
king refrain 64 king
require 309 king resolve
64 king respect 91
king restore 292 king
signify 94 king succeed
340 king support 141
king suspect 53 king
sustain 51 king withdraw
233 king worship 94
king himself 1230 king
because 197 king shelter
79 king between 148
king between 92 king
outside 42 king himself
151 king himself 615
king marriage 64 king
against 289 king hastily
74 king himself 67
king quickly 55 king
towards 278 king shillings
79 king thousand 184
king emanuel 92 king
himself 42 king arrived
56 king entered 53
king granted 65 king
himself 129 king replied
55 king refused 62
king consent 311 king
counsel 49 king dispute
71 king incurring 67
king informing 88 king
justice 81 king letters
45 king offending 229
king question 103 king
treasure 109 km northern
42 km returning 41
km between 144 km
circuit 172 km upstream
45 km upstream 539