kg nitrate 377 kg
receiving 48 kg insulin
265 king exporting 107
king foreign 41 king
himself 68 king himself
51 king himself 620
king himself 185 king
himself 44 king control
93 king himself 436
king against 56 king
forward 137 king several
62 king together 165
king himself 53 king
himself 42 king against
69 king entered 111
king himself 225 king
resided 52 king trusted
79 king descent 46
king suicide 46 king
himself 100 king himself
86 king himself 85
king himself 110 king
against 135 king himself
64 king himself 55
king himself 292 king
himself 59 king himself
115 king himself 73
king several 73 king
himself 52 king himself
393 king himself 50
king himself 208 king
himself 165 king himself
64 king hundred 71
king arrived 51 king
decided 243 king granted
55 king ordered 88
king realized 46 king
yielded 123 king together
250 king according 56
king amnesty 71 king
certain 65 king letters
131 king several 52
king adopted 63 king
against 165 king appeared
797 king arrived 275
king assumed 145 king
because 59 king becomes
157 king belonged 61
king brought 154 king
carried 92 king charged
49 king claimed 41
king crossed 55 king
decided 118 king desired
123 king devoted 66
king enjoyed 76 king
entered 314 king escaped
377 king exposed 108
king finally 49 king
following 41 king founded
70 king granted 64
king invited 42 king
marched 202 king married
64 king mounted 41
king noticed 46 king
offered 147 king opposed
73 king ordered 229
king pledged 66 king
presiding 85 king refused
55 king remaining 43
king replied 69 king
resided 40 king retired
56 king started 48
king stepped 46 king
studied 40 king usually
51 king visited 231
king watched 41 king
pursued 46 king himself
138 king himself 98
king silence 62 king
heartily 608 king quietly
72 king against 588
king forward 42 king
towards 196 king against
77 king himself 115
king himself 62 king
incense 62 king certain
42 king general 41
king several 96 king
himself 526 king himself
68 king forward 45
king himself 51 king
dionysus 42 king himself
68 king tribute 74
king himself 54 king
supreme 76 king himself
110 king himself 42
king himself 82 king
himself 43 king erected
72 king himself 135
king refused 102 king
forward 363 king refused
41 king opposed 44
king resides 47 king
ireland 70 king between
43 king granted 88
king himself 68 km
stations 319 km caldera
136 km between 46
km between 51 km
between 41 km between
952 kw requiring 58