kg nitrate 453 kg
sulfate 865 kg sulfate
640 kg furnace 245
kg sulfate 681 king
himself 166 king baptism
49 king appeared 45
king against 206 king
exactly 74 king towards
299 king quickly 67
king brought 55 king
himself 51 king himself
94 king himself 118
king himself 44 king
himself 100 king himself
93 king himself 60
king himself 52 king
himself 45 king himself
91 king himself 54
king against 41 king
himself 1170 king himself
145 king accepting 95
king himself 171 king
chiefly 47 king justice
80 king himself 45
king desired 116 king
chiefly 44 king himself
169 king himself 47
king glances 45 king
salutes 53 king towards
45 king himself 50
king between 45 king
himself 130 king granted
50 king service 157
king wounded 43 king
escaped 233 king himself
96 king himself 251
king offerings 60 king
himself 128 king offerings
58 king himself 76
king redress 143 king
ordered 69 king replied
56 king against 76
king against 134 king
baptism 223 king certain
74 king letters 85
king reports 48 king
tribute 72 king control
43 king himself 219
king adamant 104 king
faithful 119 king unmoved
188 king himself 43
king certain 44 king
himself 86 king control
116 king towards 129
king hastily 40 king
towards 49 king against
53 king retains 82
king married 57 king
himself 84 king forbade
56 king against 47
king appeared 187 king
entered 100 king stopped
42 king himself 90
king decided 115 king
granted 120 king himself
55 king offered 40
king ordered 319 king
replied 73 king ordered
159 king himself 183
king opposed 48 km