kappa ranging 89 kappa
were 203 karma from
237 karma over 165
keeping warm 46 keeping
safe 60 keeping away
67 keeping from 85
keeping from 72 keeping
down 229 keeping health
981 keeping from 391
keeping data 45 keeping
well 59 keeps from
45 keeps from 44
keeps from 51 keeps
moving 88 keeps from
59 keeps health 184
keeps from 735 keeps
from 105 keeps very
41 keeps will 73
keeps well 257 keyed
have 89 keyed like
53 keyed such 42
keyed were 246 killing
among 98 kinds into
106 kinds among 41
kingdom unto 113 kingdom
less 55 kingdom there
41 kingdom upon 54
kingdom some 69 kingdom
from 40 kingdom into
109 knees bent 189
knees raking 82 knock
their 169 knock bits
41 knowing what 193
knowing when 60 knowing
nothing 548 known such
45 known drug 41
known such 46 known
have 63 known from
99 known data 205
known work 58 known
from 52 known were
41 known from 54
known have 309 known
into 47 known like
83 known such 559
known were 77 known
from 44 known have
43 known such 123
known were 93 known
only 51 known among
111 known were 44
known from 59 known
have 42 known were
474 known laws 584
known firm 60 known
from 153 known among
47 known over 356
known have 310 known
such 175 known were
64 known upon 60
known form 119 known
among 624 known from
41 known from 86
known limb 44 known
from 221 known range
358 known such 95
known film 141 known
firm 56 known from
82 known hour 45
known laws 123 known
from 738 known have
138 known made 91
known show 70 known
upon 300 known were
190 known laws 286
known areas 57 known
name 48 known range
258 known work 90
known rule 196 known
from 208 known were
129 known book 57
known from 144 known
make 45 known among
55 known from 502
known have 346 known
like 163 known over
98 known such 434
known were 426 known
whom 44 known were
752 known from 297
known have 42 known
like 106 known such
440 known were 50
known such 101 known
were 134 known among
155 known host 188
known drug 474 known
from 61 known what
117 known from 101
known like 57 known
were 139 known firm
165 known from 43
known have 41 known
fact 248 known form
267 known laws 318
known rule 41 known
theory 104 known truth
113 known work 126
known theme 40 known
have 44 known made
41 known health 110
known such 49 known
fact 137 known among
184 known from 169
known test 402 known
from 123 known were
60 known such 123
known means 157 known
from 90 known nothing
501 known only 72
known site 122 known
copy 52 known from
961 known from 114
known laws 49 known
race 41 known singer
138 known from 84
known were 154 known
from 56 known have
59 known such 394
known were 318 known
coal 70 known among
141 known from 48
known were 57 known
rock 128 known were
210 known fact 138
known laws 40 known
theory 51 known data
199 known fact 230
known laws 166 known
test 50 known into
111 known range 276
known from 109 known
from 66 known line
62 known rule 52
known side 175 known
among 72 known were
57 knows only 75
knows most 70 knows
more 101 knows what
501 knows when 154
knows nothing 3838 knows
what 153 knows well