yards above 44 yards
miles 58 yearly index
45 yearly grant 51
yearly quota 52 yearly
cycle 66 yearly after
51 yearly costs 61
yearly plans 55 yearly
change 927 yearly growth
134 yearly which 78
yearning which 93 yield
rather 50 yield unity
119 yield under 82
yield which 114 yield
ratios 95 yield about
862 yield which 770
yield proof 291 yield
goods 92 yield gains
896 yield later 59
yield which 42 yield
bonds 334 yield after
147 yield gains 47
yield about 259 yield
about 34508 yield vital
214 yield which 3300
yield model 146 yield
plans 97 yield pricing
804 yield would 113
yield under 184 yield
which 44 yield about
889 yield based 52
yield which 271 yield
rates 56 yield which
151 yield change 48
yield crops 573 yield
dates 387 yield large
970 yield lower 121
yield quick 126 yield
small 816 yield facts
44 yield forms 100
yield about 169 yield
which 60 yield which
43 yield which 92
yield which 158 yield
gains 537 yield savings
1146 yield social 56
yield crops 134 yield
cells 129 yield crops
167 yield funds 380
yield grain 50 yield
light 107 yield money
168 yield power 94
yield savings 42 yield
water 1448 yours happy
44 youths still 40