yearly from 74 yearly
held 40 yearly cost
139 yearly rate 147
yearly will 51 yearly
upon 114 yearly from
122 yearly into 44
yearly from 67 yearly
from 48 yearly fees
64 yearly dues 191
yearly fees 157 yearly
rate 177 yearly from
105 yearly were 101
yearly among 40 yeomen
their 71 yield high
291 yield nothing 208
yield data 97 yield
over 121 yield from
111 yield over 293
yield were 47 yield
more 159 yield zero
88 yield data 137
yield meaning 185 yield
from 807 yield data
666 yield from 59
yield have 109 yield
such 187 yield were
1011 yield data 92
yield upon 167 yield
data 208 yield data
127 yield data 49
yield from 180 yield
among 106 yield high
233 yield when 122
yield data 97 yield
data 128 yield were
52 yield many 146
yield more 216 yield
bearing 184 yield from
724 yield leading 107
yield more 306 yield
only 861 yield such
396 yield upon 120
yield when 130 yield
over 41 yield data
185 yield have 49
yield plan 137 yield
will 153 yield high
40 yield from 1497
yield were 148 yield
acid 2054 yield from
49 yield ages 149
yield ages 111 yield
good 212 yield high
1354 yield less 209
yield more 858 yield
poor 208 yield pure
230 yield good 127
yield well 104 yield
only 107 yield data
111 yield were 59
yield cost 396 yield
sums 47 yield cash
55 yield data 1062
yield food 850 yield
living 60 yield milk
158 yield over 113
yield good 176 yield
over 54 yield unto
7620 yours free 1085
yours have 71 yours
what 42 youths from