yacht into 62 yacht
into 45 yacht over
210 yacht like 159
yacht have 89 yacht
were 73 yacht into
73 yacht away 81
yacht from 122 yacht
into 133 yacht come
67 yacht have 367
yacht reach 50 yacht
away 43 yacht into
84 yapping dogs 114
yards from 535 yards
open 248 yards room
53 yards here 69
yards left 112 yards
their 185 yards town
46 yards were 56
yards more 88 yards
coming 733 yards diving
60 yards ending 60
yards firing 259 yards
flying 67 yards giving
118 yards having 72
yards leaving 79 yards
losing 55 yards making
160 yards moving 50
yards rising 121 yards
some 40 yards such
93 yards swinging 50
yards taking 260 yards
their 212 yards there
363 yards your 96
yards came 280 yards
joan 58 yards their
645 yards these 178
yards those 55 yards
were 111 yards when
374 yards your 126
yards high 153 yards
their 517 yards there
164 yards these 160
yards those 78 yards
were 58 yards what
89 yards your 53
yards hard 65 yards
down 114 yards down
57 yards cloth 56
yards past 101 yards
into 328 yards ahead
171 yards along 4938
yards away 844 yards
back 2626 yards down
6560 yards from 505
yards into 305 yards
north 1432 yards south
1412 yards there 195
yards west 1142 yards
when 218 yards away
70 yards ahead 107
yards along 3546 yards
away 1273 yards back
2266 yards down 8558
yards fell 44 yards
from 427 yards into
338 yards north 1966
yards south 2192 yards
there 108 yards west
1370 yards when 185
yards from 82 yards
race 191 yards from
1557 yards there 59
yards like 172 yards
fire 102 yards over
68 yards from 65
yards from 58 yards
like 97 yards also
74 yards have 290
yards feet 171 yards
were 104 yards when
49 yards will 119
yards heavy 70 yards
some 65 yards these
42 yards thick 49
yards home 43 yards
their 55 yards into
43 yards from 367
yards from 79 yards
coming 171 yards even
56 yards firing 55
yards giving 50 yards
great 50 yards having
285 yards hearing 94
yards help 93 yards
losing 58 yards making
74 yards moving 48
yards much 66 yards
pain 63 yards seeing
363 yards taking 119
yards their 78 yarns
weaving 410 yarns from
56 yarns five 84
yawed over 71 yawning
their 102 yawning their
196 yawning over 51
yawning were 64 yawns
their 50 yearling were
53 yearling also 40
yearling from 116 yearling
were 375 yearly from
42 yearly paid 120
yearly rate 42 yearly
more 246 yearly less
238 yearly more 580
yearly less 1530 yearly
more 10840 yearly from
57 yearly from 74
yearly will 47 yearly
cost 190 yearly from
40 yearly were 49
yearly upon 89 yearly
nine 73 yearly from
52 yearly crop 82
yearly from 41 yearly
cost 255 yearly such
46 yearly from 60
yearly three 47 yearly
from 72 yearly from
228 yearly rent 1812
yearly among 91 yearly
during 166 yearly fell
49 yearly from 4440
yearly into 57 yearly
less 171 yearly must
108 yearly over 248
yearly paid 40 yearly
ranging 54 yearly upon
45 yearly were 65
yearly when 51 yearly
will 273 yearly from
47 yearly from 54
yearly dues 183 yearly
from 189 yearly were
41 yearly from 63
yearly have 242 yearly
held 219 yearly were
443 yearly will 43
yearly rate 57 yearly
during 50 yearly from
234 yearly rose 49
yearly will 151 yearly
exam 123 yearly during
68 yearly from 579
yearly from 141 yearly
from 44 yearly forth
79 yearly into 107
yearly during 45 yearly
from 293 yearly will
47 yearly were 44
yearly from 73 yearly
exam 58 yearly from
85 yearly paid 60
yearly rate 51 yearly
card 64 yearly from
204 yearly must 100
yearly upon 45 yearly
will 49 yearly from
273 yearly will 79
yearly during 71 yearly
from 393 yearly into
47 yearly paid 162
yearly plus 137 yearly
will 77 yearly from
126 yearly ship 52
yearly show 44 yearly
from 72 yearly have
55 yearly were 117
yearly plan 102 yearly
into 41 yearly rent
240 yearly were 48
yearly from 153 yearly
home 43 yearly there
105 yearly were 113
yearly gain 92 yearly
fail 107 yearning fell
120 yearning have 94
yearning some 146 yearning
these 137 yearning those
60 yeasts from 132
yelling into 64 yelling
from 45 yelling back
68 yelling else 97
yelling from 56 yelling
into 65 yelling like
461 yelling over 63
yelling their 61 yells
more 100 yells upon
69 yells back 43
yells like 252 yelping
from 147 yelping beast
78 yeoman from 40
yeoman living 45 yeoman
from 351 yeoman ideal
203 yeoman living 142
yeoman were 44 yeoman
more 41 yeoman were
169 yeomen hard 96
yield from 137 yield
acid 2364 yield upon
84 yield half 254
yield nothing 247 yield
pure 213 yield three
40 yield when 253
yield cash 56 yield
crop 156 yield foot
49 yield inch 788
yield kind 90 yield
meaning 42 yield such
207 yield from 248
yield bomb 319 yield
less 41 yield more
87 yield more 180
yield such 906 yield
their 388 yield these
258 yield those 116
yield what 44 yield
data 211 yield fits
156 yield health 63
yield when 104 yield
what 91 yield from
105 yield during 46
yield from 307 yield
have 46 yield over
119 yield were 164
yield acid 536 yield
form 158 yield salt
53 yield during 156
yield from 623 yield
have 732 yield over
151 yield show 154
yield such 47 yield
tend 359 yield were
780 yield will 351
yield upon 186 yield
from 101 yield data
115 yield their 46
yield nuts 137 yield
when 310 yield cash
169 yield corn 41
yield data 509 yield
even 53 yield food
878 yield gold 340
yield milk 218 yield
more 84 yield wheat
45 yield when 47
yield good 777 yield
high 200 yield well
604 yield acid 416
yield data 210 yield
from 161 yield depth
284 yield wealth 44
yield only 293 yield
when 129 yield rent
58 yield test 44
yield pure 41 yield
only 364 yield corn
121 yield seed 43
yield from 221 yield
over 192 yield into
89 yield more 105
yield acid 1491 yield
ones 258 yield from
153 yield have 377
yield over 57 yield
were 809 yield when
40 yield will 132
yield data 65 yield
else 424 yield food
78 yield gain 40
yield milk 334 yield
more 8159 yield rain
51 yield during 74
yield from 1472 yield
have 342 yield ranging
129 yield were 911
yield when 144 yield
will 145 yield ages
89 yield have 210
yield were 143 yield
fund 245 yield into
314 yield more 41
yield such 887 yield
unto 430 yield your
500 yield acid 952
yield bomb 187 yield
test 129 yield during
130 yield when 875
yield only 84 yield
acid 553 yield when
220 yield pain 71
yield swap 970 yield
from 82 yield have
162 yield ranging 62
yield were 382 yield
good 58 yield much
105 yield during 226
yield from 46 yield
when 147 yield from
50 yield from 45
yield data 191 yield
means 141 yield also
236 yield fall 42
yield have 417 yield
reach 56 yield rise
66 yield vary 40
yield else 290 yield
even 90 yield less
237 yield like 3478
yield more 1842 yield
other 154 yield over
244 yield very 148
yield worth 143 yield
among 196 yield from
59 yield have 202
yield over 866 yield
were 65 yield will
87 yield from 162
yield along 60 yield
also 265 yield data
651 yield during 272
yield even 48 yield
from 1136 yield have
207 yield less 113
yield more 200 yield
must 347 yield only
98 yield over 413
yield plus 47 yield
range 260 yield ranging
116 yield ratio 658
yield upon 55 yield
used 122 yield were
580 yield when 526
yield will 916 yield
along 147 yield also
311 yield data 849
yield during 352 yield
even 122 yield from
1039 yield have 220
yield into 128 yield
more 43 yield must
432 yield only 330
yield over 339 yield
range 278 yield ratio
876 yield there 234
yield upon 197 yield
used 200 yield were
562 yield when 644
yield will 1326 yield
from 56 yield give
96 yield have 375
yield show 160 yield
were 415 yield will
122 yield more 220
yield their 55 yield
time 204 yield over
42 yield were 134
yield there 50 yield
wealth 65 yield data
238 yield data 2543
yield ideas 108 yield
work 54 yield from
468 yield have 137
yield much 47 yield
ranging 295 yield were
715 yield from 1584
yield from 8638 yield
very 126 yield more
220 yield time 274
yield were 71 yield
giving 107 yield great
102 yield having 254
yield losing 260 yield
loss 326 yield making
116 yield much 702
yield some 235 yield
taking 124 yield ages
43 yoked dawn 112
yokel home 57 yokes
their 274 yokes their
215 yolks adding 56
yolks oven 47 yours
most 73 yours sets
87 yours time 54
yours here 160 yours
your 104 yours mine
217 yours your 112
yours upon 41 yours
from 74 yours upon
66 yours means 63
yours like 55 yours
soon 47 yours well
94 yours also 42
yours come 122 yours
ever 160 yours fall
60 yours give 72
yours have 1024 yours
look 134 yours make
100 yours take 110
yours turn 42 yours
like 1004 yours faith
97 yours life 353
yours your 165 yours
your 46 yours down
51 yours your 60
yours asking 163 yours
cost 446 yours date
239 yours even 53
yours having 88 yours
some 61 yours your
161 youths five 48
youths more 255 youths
more 270 youths their
74 youths learn 527
youths from 53 youths
acts 52 youths more
72 youths from 53
youths from 76 youths
from 75 youths into
48 youths gangs 40
youths back 46 youths
back 45 youths upon
243 youths into 55
youths their 69 youths
from 46 youths into
57 youths into 87
youths their 44 youths
their 58 youths from
66 youths home 47
youths into 105 youths
upon 40 youths also
146 youths give 42
youths have 426 youths
learn 222 youths take
81 youths their 46
youths from 156 youths
their 172 youths into
58 youths their 64
youths jobs 100 yucca