yacht nearby 44 yanks
stars 85 yards taken
41 yards above 44
yards below 103 yards
beneath 48 yards above
98 yards where 41
yearly growth 45 yearly
period 282 yearly which
205 yearly meeting 137
yearly trips 57 yearly
cycle 53 yearly breast
127 yearly basis 233
yearly cycle 82 yearly
growth 219 yearly plans
79 yearly above 52
yearly which 166 yearly
rates 185 yearly alone
88 yearly earned 50
yearly rates 158 yearly
thereof 91 yearly thereon
80 yearly which 62
yearly would 153 yearly
shall 89 yearly under
52 yearly which 179
yearly would 107 yearly
check 47 yearly exams
157 yearly after 67
yearly goals 101 yearly
under 100 yearly taxes
206 yearly power 95
yearly ranges 213 yearly
thereon 137 yearly which
52 yearly rates 84
yearly until 292 yearning
which 84 yelling ceased
50 yield dates 53
yield crops 2947 yield
fruit 1219 yield growth
41 yield water 123
yield readings 55 yield
power 113 yield about
2081 yield sixty 77
yield about 194 yield
about 411 yield which
45 yield equal 101
yield which 251 yield
crops 88 yield water
189 yield oxide 62
yield atoms 49 yield
given 58 yield where
58 yield which 270
yield based 152 yield
given 109 yield gives
66 yield under 72
yield where 61 yield
which 420 yield ratios
130 yield which 63
yield cells 102 yield
about 90 yield which
42 yield fruit 150
yield yield 104 yield
savings 44 yield gains
172 yield growth 197
yield power 122 yield
crops 420 yield which
144 yield about 478
yield which 302 yield
which 105 yield which
151 yield which 41
yield which 61 yield
atoms 1304 yield fruit
112 yield gains 83
yield about 262 yield
sales 40 yield above
140 yield after 195
yield again 95 yield
could 234 yield ranged
53 yield since 102
yield under 189 yield
until 136 yield which
231 yield would 235
yield about 893 yield
which 299 yield equal
86 yield crops 268
yield proof 47 yield
which 144 yield above
278 yield meanings 140
yield after 278 yield
under 417 yield which
159 yield lines 147
yield which 72 yield
which 52 yield gains
163 yield social 130
yield tests 127 yield
under 139 yield could
139 yield under 1228
yield which 174 yield
would 106 yield which
1756 yield whose 119
yield which 42 yield
after 45 yield assay
523 yield could 92
yield under 194 yield
curve 526 yield rates
261 yield under 51
yield equal 106 yield
crops 88 yield anything
52 yield biased 46
yield which 85 yield
above 94 yield lower
455 yield under 177
yield which 1280 yield
lower 484 yield under
91 yield binding 53
yield crops 130 yield
lines 1987 yield under
48 yield which 61
yield under 113 yield
which 153 yield clues
1674 yield crops 138
yield fruit 53 yield
woods 133 yield fatty
83 yogic which 72
yolks beaten 101 yours
yours 103 yours night
89 youths under 70