yacht near 113 yacht
off 1466 yacht and
95 yacht for 98
yacht was 115 yacht
and 148 yacht and
167 yacht are 119
yacht with 147 yacht
for 74 yacht and
383 yacht who 123
yacht with 110 yacht
for 97 yacht for
54 yacht for 40
yards with 95 yards
with 49 yards and
50 yards with 166
yards east 50 yards
and 345 yards did
44 yards for 82
yards they 90 yards
was 80 yards with
176 yards and 87
yards and 72 yards
with 74 yards with
128 yards can 60
yards and 60 yards
with 349 yards and
648 yards was 70
yards with 95 yards
with 106 yards for
60 yards for 296
yards them 50 yards
each 110 yards her
46 yards him 143
yards them 585 yards
with 57 yards out
471 yards for 80
yards and 43 yarns
with 68 yarns that
42 yarns for 335
yarns are 46 yarns
for 142 yarns for
548 yawed and 40
yawning that 48 yawning
gap 85 yawning gap
48 yawning and 199
yawning that 86 yawning
and 56 yawns her
78 yearling are 243
yearly and 236 yearly
are 163 yearly for
145 yearly with 57
yearly and 71 yearly
are 87 yearly one
62 yearly and 252
yearly are 401 yearly
for 662 yearly are
57 yearly and 65
yearly was 54 yearly
and 177 yearly for
132 yearly that 170
yearly was 69 yearly
with 107 yearly for
49 yearly for 42
yearly was 48 yearly
and 93 yearly for
64 yearly with 206
yearly with 56 yearly
for 61 yearly and
163 yearly for 200
yearly was 83 yearly
with 381 yearly for
75 yearly and 89
yearly and 58 yearly
due 70 yearly per
46 yearly was 191
yearly and 51 yearly
for 156 yearly for
79 yearly for 132
yearly and 235 yearly
are 293 yearly for
535 yearly per 56
yearly for 98 yearly
out 51 yearly and
142 yearly for 116
yearly had 41 yearly
that 217 yearly was
396 yearly with 66
yearly and 78 yearly
and 48 yearly and
81 yearly are 103
yearly for 105 yearly
and 603 yearly due
335 yearly for 178
yearly that 43 yearly
was 180 yearly our
41 yearly and 67
yearly and 254 yearly
are 291 yearly due
147 yearly for 677
yearly that 165 yearly
with 69 yearly and
113 yearly and 88
yearly are 54 yearly
for 158 yearly and
116 yearly and 186
yearly are 61 yearly
for 353 yearly was
45 yearly tax 430
yearly for 140 yearly
and 295 yearly being
47 yearly does 47
yearly for 286 yearly
has 42 yearly may
55 yearly was 171
yearly and 262 yearly
are 95 yearly for
69 yearly that 45
yearly for 83 yearly
for 107 yearly and
514 yearly are 98
yearly for 102 yearly
and 192 yearly are
132 yearly for 210
yearly that 48 yearly
and 41 yearly for
132 yearly for 48
yearly and 44 yearly
and 52 yearly for
57 yearly for 45
yearly with 48 yearly
with 149 yearly and
63 yearly are 92
yearly for 115 yearly
for 347 yearly for
67 yearly for 71
yearly was 96 yearly
and 73 yearly with
74 yearly and 75
yearly are 172 yearning
and 56 yearning for
268 yearning that 54
yearning for 81 yearning
that 45 yearning for
79 yearns for 120
yelling and 97 yelling
and 63 yelling and
51 yelling and 64
yelling and 68 yelling
for 54 yelling that
257 yelling and 97
yells each 74 yeoman
and 96 yeoman who
68 yeoman for 144
yeoman who 51 yeoman
was 68 yeomen who
406 yeomen each 54
yield and 130 yield
and 626 yield for
251 yield and 1701
yield was 101 yield
with 215 yield and
139 yield for 331
yield and 101 yield
ions 87 yield and
317 yield for 59
yield for 118 yield
near 269 yield per
280 yield near 223
yield and 119 yield
and 141 yield are
131 yield for 266
yield and 202 yield
and 312 yield are
53 yield both 149
yield far 133 yield
for 2294 yield not
255 yield that 2885
yield and 424 yield
for 46 yield who
109 yield and 54
yield and 51 yield
with 505 yield two
260 yield with 3269
yield with 76 yield
and 229 yield with
42 yield and 47
yield that 92 yield
and 140 yield and
2068 yield are 161
yield can 627 yield
for 1826 yield has
355 yield may 252
yield that 137 yield
was 275 yield with
335 yield and 209
yield for 215 yield
and 2846 yield are
383 yield can 901
yield does 45 yield
for 2735 yield has
437 yield may 354
yield that 429 yield
then 44 yield was
616 yield with 794
yield with 156 yield
and 53 yield that
517 yield with 114
yield and 198 yield
are 65 yield with
178 yield and 232
yield with 937 yield
and 502 yield due
267 yield for 118
yield with 2553 yield
and 289 yield with
130 yield and 54
yield and 214 yield
per 211 yield and
308 yield per 151
yield for 40 yield
new 233 yield are
232 yield for 762
yield that 857 yield
with 44 yield oil
374 yield and 41
yield for 289 yield
for 2250 yield that
6096 yield that 272
yield and 48 yield
for 204 yield that
113 yield with 118
yield and 88 yield
and 311 yield has
126 yield was 120
yield and 222 yield
for 169 yield with
64 yield ions 42
yield and 82 yield
and 224 yield and
331 yield are 558
yield can 103 yield
for 707 yield that
242 yield with 56
yield and 127 yield
and 47 yield and
702 yield for 41
yield and 931 yield
gas 465 yield ions
1711 yield and 622
yield and 285 yield
with 43 yield and
242 yield but 96
yield for 96 yield
with 2456 yield and
1978 yield are 1909
yield but 189 yield
can 602 yield due
1004 yield for 1182
yield has 50 yield
may 317 yield per
242 yield than 191
yield that 1814 yield
with 9539 yield that
518 yield that 264
yield and 406 yield
for 343 yield not
245 yield that 2663
yield and 510 yield
for 201 yield and
42 yield for 639
yield that 700 yield
with 430 yield with
162 yield lead 42
yield and 213 yield
and 78 yield and
101 yield and 136
yield ions 204 yield
net 218 yield and
274 yield and 319
yield gas 206 yield
for 299 yield was
88 yield with 183
yield and 215 yield
for 754 yield per
310 yield using 125
yield was 1392 yield
with 2244 yield for
50 yield with 94
yield that 4724 yield
for 49 yield and
157 yield are 100
yield for 131 yield
that 520 yield with
49 yield with 88
yield and 42 yield
that 410 yield that
234 yield with 596
yield they 59 yield
and 629 yield ions
80 yield net 740
yield real 140 yield
for 140 yield with
167 yield and 6064
yield are 557 yield
but 379 yield can
699 yield due 144
yield for 1535 yield
has 792 yield may
305 yield per 420
yield than 1169 yield
that 689 yield was
579 yield with 631
yield and 46 yield
and 251 yield for
197 yield and 62
yield for 101 yield
that 44 yield with
46 yield per 113
yield and 226 yield
for 261 yield that
4579 yield with 3144
yield for 81 yield
that 289 yield and
43 yield and 131
yield that 95 yield
with 179 yield that
298 yield for 57
yield and 139 yield
for 307 yield was
76 yield and 957
yield are 67 yield
can 148 yield due
1258 yield for 504
yield has 107 yield
may 234 yield per
256 yield than 148
yield that 133 yield
was 1320 yield with
239 yield for 106
yield and 174 yield
low 54 yield for
383 yield was 89
yield for 230 yield
that 300 yield and
764 yield but 53
yield due 113 yield
for 270 yield has
46 yield may 99
yield per 148 yield
than 50 yield was
867 yield with 205
yield for 196 yield
that 517 yield any
397 yield and 55
yield and 124 yield
for 50 yield that
40 yield and 192
yield for 822 yield
that 3260 yield with
370 yield and 113
yield and 167 yield
and 1462 yield are
1569 yield can 172
yield for 921 yield
may 41 yield than
165 yield that 322
yield with 151 yield
and 113 yield that
1015 yield for 109
yield and 657 yield
are 1180 yield can
138 yield for 1238
yield that 480 yield
with 417 yield and
213 yield and 164
yield for 136 yield
and 604 yield new
473 yield oil 49
yield and 83 yield
are 344 yield for
333 yield and 196
yield are 284 yield
due 44 yield for
42 yield with 45
yield and 113 yield
oil 111 yield was
129 yield they 105
yield and 169 yogic
and 62 yogic for
51 yogic and 255
yogic are 82 yogic
and 411 yogic are
71 yogic can 53
yogic for 68 yogic
that 205 yogic was
41 yogic and 68
yogic that 53 yogis
that 138 yoked who
41 yolks and 149
yolks and 207 yours
with 87 yours and
62 yours and 57
yours for 49 yours
does 100 yours has
42 yours you 81
yours and 81 yours
this 119 yours that
40 yours and 53
yours you 130 yours
you 915 yours they
77 yours you 153
youths that 167 youths
and 54 youths for
471 youths and 98
youths him 46 youths
that 386 youths with
140 youths that 47
youths that 88 youths
for 81 youths for
917 youths with 125
youths for 157 youths
them 53 youths him
85 youths them 56
youths with 43 youths
that 174 youths for
623 youths and 48
youths with 178 youths
and 55 youths for
101 youths for 204
youths with 57 youths
being 75 youths that
793 youths for 147
youths for 67 youths
with 143 youths that
143 yucca with 50