hail against 44 hail
company 266 hair arranged
793 hair braided 298
hair brushed 838 hair
coiffed 178 hair dressed
462 hair groomed 335
hair plaited 97 hair
slicked 120 hair smoothed
97 hair trimmed 159
hair twisted 137 hair
sharply 76 hair coiffed
49 hair dressed 138
hair against 211 hair
against 62 hair atrophy
92 hair between 53
hair contain 277 hair
develop 251 hair located
181 hair possess 81
hair present 267 hair
produce 309 hair producing
104 hair provide 51
hair receive 49 hair
resulting 173 hair results
147 hair secrete 46
hair undergo 181 hair
usually 97 hair against
42 hair becomes 88
hair becomes 84 hair
streaked 109 hair arranged
79 hair coiffed 360
hair groomed 159 hair
against 1865 hair dressed
104 hair against 41
hair becomes 54 hair
plaited 65 hair between
87 hair captain 55
half against 90 half
because 135 half between
1571 half covered 174
half elapsed 244 half
following 836 half preceding
390 half country 221
half natives 100 half
society 40 half against
168 half himself 161
half exactly 172 half
herself 357 half himself
703 half alcohol 47
half century 1070 half
because 41 half because
61 half century 526
half contain 143 half
workers 52 half between
231 half against 93
half southeast 180 half
century 892 half herself
87 half himself 958
half himself 198 half
exploring 68 half against
93 half position 348
half posture 384 half
herself 88 half solution
758 half forward 87
half between 108 half
herself 108 half himself
126 half between 262
halt against 40 halt
increase 86 halt against
50 halt because 65
halt between 157 halt
attacks 54 hand between
54 hand purpose 170
hand machine 152 hand
against 46 hand between
45 hand wrapped 40
hand betwixt 47 hand
silence 90 hand against
48 hand between 112
hand between 92 hand
between 143 hand towards
49 hand research 119
hand between 653 hand
against 340 hand against
84 hand towards 60
hand towards 86 hand
following 56 hand divides
41 hand dropped 54
hand muscles 595 hand
balance 490 hand because
88 hand derived 192
hand gathered 45 hand
regarding 368 hand contact
59 hand because 138
hand between 141 hand
towards 125 hand against
257 hand clutching 79
hand because 236 hand
himself 49 hand against
80 hand against 283
hand against 58 hand
against 57 hand crooked
56 hand between 141
hand forward 737 hand
towards 592 hand towards
61 hand between 91
hand plainly 49 hand
against 216 hand germany
48 hand history 140
hand against 165 hand
briefly 125 hand warningly
56 hand towards 51
hanging stockings 82 hanging
weights 51 hanging against
87 hanging between 204
hanging between 407 hanging
valleys 350 hanging against
459 hangs together 60
hangs between 105 hangs
between 589 hangs between
55 hard muscles 157
hard against 53 hard
systems 53 hard tissues
62 hard choices 54
hard deposit 109 hard
material 166 hard nodules
119 hard material 42
hard against 56 hard
against 160 hard cuticle
120 hard between 65
hard spheres 73 hard
against 45 hard annexed
86 hard imposed 799
hard offered 41 hard
between 88 hard battles
101 hard between 75
hard battles 46 hard
between 51 hard research
210 hard reactions 141
hard bedrock 59 hard
swellings 121 hard towards
44 hard material 155
hard surface 139 hard
scruple 54 hard surface
42 hard bedrock 54
hard compels 185 hard
diverts 164 hard imposed
47 hard presses 46
hard between 46 hard
between 63 hard battles
173 hard choices 1150
hard decision 93 hard
lessons 65 hard plastic
47 hard choices 42
hard question 99 hard
because 340 hard material
92 hard between 85
hard because 370 hard
choices 57 hard against
209 hard between 198
hard against 117 hard
between 144 hard towards
41 hard against 88
hard problem 41 hare
crashes 140 hare density
54 harm insects 597
harm against 277 harm
because 43 harm species
264 harm alleged 42
harm because 42 harm
because 127 harm history
56 hast blessed 432
hast against 378 hast
against 179 hast against
269 hast matters 83
hast against 47 hast
cradled 85 hast granted
137 hast justice 50
hast liberty 178 hate
because 258 hate against
694 hate because 100
hate tragedy 74 hate
because 178 hate because
493 hating because 49
haul material 182 haul
systems 190 have ancient
51 have because 127
have capital 262 have
central 88 have certain
187 have country 43
have culture 42 have
efforts 214 have everything
2004 have forever 141
have general 50 have
herself 347 have himself
1094 have history 52
have ireland 57 have
judaism 126 have marxism
333 have natural 56
have orthodox 112 have
religion 229 have research
44 have rotation 60
have routine 113 have
science 120 have several
106 have slavery 45
have society 51 have
worldly 154 have control
74 have royalty 46
have muscles 44 have
obesity 161 have surgery
165 have similar 65
have capital 1307 have
certain 74 have forever
82 have marriage 77
have poverty 289 have
private 341 have religion
47 have royalty 61
have serfdom 100 have
slavery 3338 have torture
88 have features 257
have spectra 4066 have
because 80 have hitherto
73 have forever 142
have pathways 68 have
spleens 43 have because
613 have involving 43
have adapted 67 have
adopted 599 have advised
133 have allowed 127
have altered 56 have
amended 53 have appealed
50 have applied 149
have arranged 291 have
arrived 66 have assumed
219 have availed 62
have avoided 86 have
awarded 71 have brought
258 have carried 72
have classed 52 have
decided 1632 have defined
55 have desired 88
have devised 75 have
devoted 291 have divided
232 have dropped 41
have elected 52 have
enjoyed 58 have entered
214 have evolved 51
have focused 87 have
granted 121 have grouped
54 have invited 41
have labored 41 have
limited 139 have offered
64 have omitted 177
have ordered 417 have
planned 190 have printed
49 have reduced 110
have refused 66 have
removed 50 have revised
99 have several 62
have shifted 46 have
started 43 have studied
69 have visited 46
have written 691 have
himself 229 have largely
72 have religion 94
have herself 470 have
himself 4014 have persons
68 have opposed 460
have refused 421 have
adverse 121 have amounts
158 have aspects 64
have avenues 48 have
benefit 150 have burdens
168 have buttons 94
have capital 524 have
chances 89 have charges
195 have choices 226
have classes 77 have
clauses 54 have columns
184 have contact 65
have content 101 have
control 625 have courses
59 have criteria 228
have defects 119 have
degrees 169 have demands
99 have details 153
have devices 59 have
domains 66 have effects
1464 have entries 71
have factors 260 have
features 2151 have folders
41 have freedom 51
have function 53 have
genetic 57 have grounds
196 have hazards 62
have hurdles 57 have
impacts 105 have incomes
66 have insight 99
have language 110 have
lessons 86 have letters
76 have material 767
have measures 73 have
medical 267 have members
255 have motives 117
have network 98 have
numbers 43 have offices
77 have offspring 53
have optional 45 have
orgasms 55 have outlets
71 have outside 46
have overhead 126 have
photons 63 have pleasure
59 have private 84
have protein 50 have
records 67 have related
99 have reporting 205
have research 90 have
revenue 119 have schooling
48 have sections 114
have sensory 69 have
service 58 have sessions
47 have sources 811
have storage 168 have
studies 92 have support
713 have surgery 108
have symbols 45 have
targets 41 have taxation
44 have thoughts 86
have trouble 104 have
utility 95 have windows
44 have worries 79
have against 47 have
aspects 332 have certain
173 have congress 50
have diverse 62 have
effects 56 have factors
76 have general 135
have herself 226 have
himself 2661 have include
64 have language 121
have letters 297 have
matters 79 have perhaps
48 have quality 123
have related 169 have
several 829 have similar
685 have student 56
have features 54 have
motives 41 have adapted
73 have managed 201
have criteria 70 have
against 47 have budgets
80 have omitted 58
have adoption 82 have
against 70 have certain
166 have combining 85
have control 43 have
excision 53 have expanding
51 have extending 94
have extreme 94 have
federal 55 have freedom
114 have general 42
have including 83 have
increasing 105 have liberty
51 have limited 41
have measures 190 have
national 62 have peaceful
73 have primary 73
have private 42 have
providing 41 have radical
158 have reforms 113
have removal 89 have
replacing 138 have routine
258 have screening 91
have several 85 have
similar 260 have stronger
42 have strongly 116
have support 46 have
surgery 65 have violence
173 have illness 44
have reactions 185 have
himself 100 have ireland
95 have mankind 749
have several 41 have
society 155 have classes
197 have service 63
have effects 99 have
between 323 have features
306 have parents 413
have certain 86 have
friends 63 have himself
163 have members 58
have millions 49 have
sympathy 65 have brought
42 have infringed 80
have violated 191 have
poverty 51 have suffering
54 have certain 72
have increasing 47 have
choices 48 have pathways
141 have sources 223
have spellings 98 have
versions 64 have current
383 have adopted 44
have altered 158 have
avoided 362 have defaced
61 have dropped 120
have escaped 1446 have
excused 56 have ignored
345 have omitted 539
have pursued 65 have
refused 241 have removed
89 have revived 59
have slipped 51 have
stopped 105 have stunned
46 have answers 44
have effects 801 have
results 154 have welfare
42 have service 43
have effects 54 have
believe 128 have against
57 have effects 80
have genomic 47 have
himself 162 have effects
1413 have effects 485
have features 93 have
results 128 have origins
125 have belonged 65
have existed 120 have
effects 76 have reports
73 have effects 61
have beliefs 65 have
against 49 have towards
49 have certain 134
have general 40 have
herself 91 have himself
320 have massive 41
have measures 54 have
several 122 have similar
209 have support 386
have tonight 179 have
effects 101 have behavior
77 have effects 111
have effects 219 have
related 44 have buildings
52 have sanction 40
have himself 41 have
bishops 94 have captain
390 have certain 302
have colonel 132 have
counsel 241 have experts
57 have general 501
have herself 136 have
himself 635 have mansions
46 have members 317
have navarro 43 have
official 121 have persons
145 have richard 55
have several 158 have
teachers 40 have thursday
89 have tuesday 75
have systems 64 have
control 161 have numbers
63 have against 177
have because 99 have
deduced 73 have airways
45 have flowers 77
have gravity 73 have
harbors 66 have brought
59 have support 212
have gastric 62 have
revealed 107 have against
151 have certain 47
have everything 361 have
material 75 have outside
178 have several 212
have together 2807 have
coaches 66 have anxiety
58 have arterial 41
have behavior 45 have
bladder 104 have central
57 have certain 265
have chiefly 42 have
chronic 200 have closely
100 have deafness 90
have defects 195 have
diabetes 42 have diseases
132 have features 243
have genital 81 have
herself 138 have himself
1317 have language 50
have medical 327 have
pleural 110 have pulsars
133 have religion 49
have retinal 46 have
sensory 71 have several
56 have somatic 49
have together 861 have
urinary 210 have weights
149 have against 108
have brought 146 have
drunken 139 have injured
81 have written 114
have effects 51 have
results 99 have because
233 have abortion 61
have against 248 have
answers 81 have briefly
389 have certain 105
have conveying 59 have
everything 84 have faintly
45 have general 88
have hitherto 206 have
limited 45 have marriage
75 have mediation 52
have radical 51 have
reforms 136 have roughly
44 have several 626
have similar 692 have
studies 118 have suicide
7016 have together 41
have violence 52 have
planets 98 have regarding
60 have similar 414
have towards 1049 have
present 143 have adverse
160 have animals 50
have anybody 49 have
artists 256 have between
74 have billions 70
have british 92 have
capital 637 have certain
124 have chaucer 58
have comment 473 have
concern 45 have critics
67 have diverse 51
have especial 181 have
european 193 have farmers
87 have federal 45
have foreign 2098 have
general 1336 have greatest
71 have hostile 53
have hunters 44 have
immense 71 have increasing
2311 have insects 59
have instant 131 have
intense 216 have limited
219 have massive 89
have medical 70 have
members 191 have migrant
45 have millions 456
have minimal 48 have
national 810 have numbers
97 have official 76
have outside 318 have
peculiar 64 have perhaps
80 have persons 77
have popular 272 have
private 178 have renewed
417 have research 281
have several 497 have
similar 153 have sizable
69 have support 856
have sympathy 61 have
teachers 47 have towards
89 have traders 83
have unusual 197 have
western 98 have workers
189 have writers 94
have strains 43 have
tenfold 115 have friends
52 have capital 87
have certain 71 have
colonel 59 have congress
140 have federal 137
have general 183 have
payment 60 have private
50 have service 46
have systems 279 have
control 334 have defrost
65 have devices 152
have effects 86 have
features 102 have garbage
50 have priority 101
have recording 140 have
renewal 50 have shutoff
59 have storage 88
have support 43 have
systems 63 have thoughts
159 have updates 47
have voltage 40 have
washers 81 have effects
84 have nervous 102
have against 99 have
because 86 have capital
116 have certain 385
have current 93 have
depends 71 have figures
47 have general 53
have include 63 have
locally 66 have material
263 have measures 73
have printed 84 have
records 193 have regarding
52 have reliable 129
have several 811 have
similar 40 have sources
83 have storage 49
have support 58 have
trained 186 have written
48 have degrees 121
have against 95 have
because 230 have missile
247 have chicken 52
have adopted 147 have
altered 217 have assumed
67 have decided 58
have focused 72 have
ignored 164 have similar
749 have stopped 63
have erected 42 have
effects 560 have science
43 have realized 191
have affects 42 have
aspects 204 have effects
26354 have features 43
have impacts 449 have
medical 57 have results
3274 have african 43
have because 964 have
britain 48 have certain
121 have chiefly 55
have equally 641 have
farmers 108 have foreign
66 have germany 58
have himself 145 have
include 84 have largely
350 have mankind 861
have millions 199 have
several 64 have society
323 have strongly 42
have workers 70 have
herself 47 have himself
611 have adrenal 894
have carotid 113 have
descent 120 have kinship
55 have language 69
have treaties 75 have
aspects 58 have control
81 have effects 980
have features 52 have
function 60 have markers
54 have offspring 101
have origins 851 have
parents 179 have systems
49 have utility 95
have genomes 54 have
ignored 80 have violated
111 have because 42
have between 72 have
grossly 78 have somehow
86 have gardens 149
have creative 188 have
respect 68 have together
61 have general 121
have service 74 have
printed 55 have control
142 have dinners 55
have adapted 50 have
adhered 130 have altered
53 have applied 99
have arranged 458 have
avoided 9251 have brought
129 have carried 102
have charted 166 have
checked 1670 have counted
171 have covered 95
have crafted 774 have
decided 80 have defined
919 have devised 70
have divided 75 have
drafted 74 have figured
83 have gathered 277
have guarded 1661 have
hoarded 40 have ignored
68 have limited 503
have managed 104 have
matched 93 have measured
1394 have noticed 105
have omitted 189 have
ordered 40 have painted
50 have perused 4376
have planned 2848 have
planted 55 have plotted
161 have pointed 902
have pursued 47 have
reasoned 55 have removed
559 have repeated 81
have revised 1058 have
scanned 109 have searched
850 have shunned 139
have skirted 55 have
sounded 62 have spelled
112 have steered 74
have studied 23000 have
tracked 145 have trained
327 have visited 62
have watched 1887 have
weighed 1730 have withheld
60 have wrapped 82
have written 685 have
effects 261 have himself
158 have anxiety 104
have effects 213 have
removed 97 have features
41 have factors 41
have avoided 526 have
weighed 106 have located
495 have mediated 85
have planned 166 have
adapted 48 have adduced
97 have admired 42
have adopted 207 have
advised 41 have alarmed
48 have allowed 207
have altered 398 have
appealed 103 have appeared
348 have applied 107
have aroused 120 have
arrived 382 have assumed
142 have availed 56
have avoided 248 have
behaved 158 have belonged
57 have brought 1320
have carried 736 have
checked 49 have claimed
85 have courted 54
have covered 126 have
cracked 62 have crossed
92 have damaged 64
have decided 98 have
defeated 51 have delayed
58 have derived 293
have devoted 71 have
divided 86 have dropped
67 have emerged 209
have enabled 156 have
endured 82 have enjoyed
723 have ensured 52
have entered 221 have
escaped 162 have evinced
45 have evolved 301
have excited 113 have
exerted 178 have existed
715 have exposed 73
have figured 69 have
focused 62 have gathered
74 have grasped 57
have guessed 52 have
handled 54 have hitherto
42 have ignored 79
have implied 74 have
imposed 52 have incited
99 have induced 65
have injured 75 have
invited 51 have knocked
49 have laughed 46
have limited 159 have
lowered 62 have managed
275 have merited 51
have noticed 859 have
nowhere 42 have offered
141 have omitted 111
have opposed 131 have
ordered 55 have painted
54 have pointed 140
have pursued 60 have
realized 162 have reduced
441 have refused 131
have removed 277 have
replied 41 have revealed
168 have revived 51
have secured 208 have
settled 87 have shifted
112 have spoiled 53
have started 139 have
stirred 105 have stopped
115 have striven 50
have studied 130 have
touched 161 have usurped
47 have violated 70
have visited 74 have
watched 46 have weakened
148 have widened 77
have wrecked 125 have
written 375 have wrought
223 have yielded 182
have regarding 59 have
classes 73 have teachers
114 have america 70
have anybody 52 have
aspects 77 have british
60 have certain 173
have current 44 have
european 85 have federal
75 have national 60
have official 40 have
orthodox 40 have previous
75 have several 104
have society 48 have
western 109 have tonight
93 have because 42
have defects 272 have
against 135 have beliefs
40 have certain 41
have friends 52 have
similar 53 have thoughts
43 have towards 187
have friends 109 have
parties 446 have together
549 have vacation 48
have printed 77 have
mankind 46 have aspects
51 have certain 272
have everything 44 have
exactly 57 have matters
578 have several 193
have features 97 have
teachers 248 have rotation
42 have together 724
have against 122 have
together 135 have several
174 have together 41
have ability 49 have
aspects 59 have content
925 have defects 51
have effects 155 have
systems 169 have together
240 have between 105
have closely 326 have
exactly 291 have roughly
157 have against 92
have because 2411 have
between 66 have following
62 have inwards 107
have quickly 50 have
several 75 have together
172 have totally 63
have utterly 67 have
against 133 have because
175 have between 251
have certain 184 have
chiefly 61 have damages
160 have details 96
have everything 329 have
fifteen 97 have figures
120 have fossils 166
have herself 109 have
himself 141 have immense
97 have include 69
have insects 43 have
letters 79 have massive
44 have material 1567
have millions 169 have
numbers 53 have objects
68 have opinions 75
have outside 140 have
payment 64 have perhaps
52 have previous 95
have primary 58 have
recipes 45 have records
114 have regarding 152
have reports 142 have
research 105 have results
57 have samples 387
have several 1600 have
similar 226 have stories
196 have suggest 88
have together 7771 have
tribute 65 have upwards
333 have systems 42
have between 60 have
america 90 have distant
40 have herself 91
have himself 584 have
abraham 62 have general
465 have himself 144
have increasing 117 have
millions 137 have national
43 have popular 58
have premium 97 have
respect 1491 have several
49 have silence 66
have success 348 have
support 128 have victory
62 have against 505
have between 510 have
previous 40 have regular
52 have several 105
have shortly 104 have
towards 70 have himself
281 have briefly 796
have several 160 have
courses 43 have promise
48 have success 200
have treaties 467 have
utility 97 have against
12867 have appalling 42
have assault 289 have
because 799 have becomes
66 have between 61
have billions 76 have
blunder 107 have breaches
238 have bribery 75
have britain 81 have
capital 335 have certain
1658 have congress 41
have corrupt 105 have
default 41 have dreadful
101 have equally 68
have everything 179 have
exactly 94 have extreme
57 have federal 66
have follies 226 have
forgery 691 have heinous
745 have herself 1012
have highway 43 have
himself 6120 have horrors
45 have hostile 87
have illegal 360 have
immoral 83 have knowingly
78 have larceny 374
have massive 63 have
medical 43 have millions
87 have mistake 51
have murders 654 have
national 55 have oneself
273 have outside 176
have perfidy 91 have
perjury 1316 have previous
179 have ravages 41
have repeated 142 have
robbery 395 have several
1136 have similar 1371
have socially 123 have
suicide 30684 have together
83 have torture 293
have towards 410 have
violates 44 have violence
648 have willful 129
have wrongful 101 have
members 317 have parties
133 have regimes 99
have support 49 have
centers 293 have college
197 have control 79
have gardens 70 have
members 391 have outreach
144 have schools 51
have service 550 have
support 2284 have together
56 have according 2309
have because 71 have
towards 518 have britain
67 have certain 54
have congress 121 have
farmers 53 have general
279 have germany 87
have mankind 44 have
millions 51 have payment
108 have respect 87
have saladin 145 have
several 46 have teachers
53 have counsel 159
have critics 77 have
doctors 40 have lawyers
61 have medical 146
have parents 44 have
persons 111 have research
43 have teachers 234
have workers 43 have
against 167 have advance
199 have algebra 47
have answering 96 have
between 203 have certain
661 have chapter 1023
have college 6216 have
courses 2168 have degrees
93 have designing 70
have everything 371 have
exactly 149 have examining
43 have executing 52
have fifteen 397 have
flowering 48 have general
192 have grammar 168
have medical 310 have
minimum 149 have mitosis
92 have modifying 48
have national 79 have
payment 64 have previous
81 have primary 4202
have problem 57 have
project 2309 have puberty
265 have question 52
have recording 224 have
regular 67 have repairs
50 have research 693
have reviewing 67 have
schooling 374 have selecting
99 have service 437
have seventy 74 have
several 2413 have similar
236 have sixteen 149
have student 52 have
studies 685 have suicide
208 have surveys 110
have tertiary 404 have
thirteen 175 have herself
158 have himself 564
have origins 41 have
primary 43 have spectra
53 have effects 71
have between 216 have
certain 52 have roughly
103 have several 206
have capable 63 have
against 1221 have certain
55 have demeter 49
have following 42 have
herself 65 have himself
567 have together 42
have towards 99 have
chiefly 47 have foreign
48 have herself 528
have himself 4303 have
matters 316 have members
229 have parents 60
have several 86 have
western 46 have efforts
102 have measures 390
have together 217 have
service 40 have against
378 have between 196
have certain 46 have
everything 41 have himself
54 have letters 53
have regarding 51 have
rightly 50 have several
267 have similar 91
have treaties 646 have
against 57 have between
62 have together 48
have heartily 62 have
towards 46 have abortion
77 have belgium 51
have certain 109 have
herself 152 have himself
568 have idealism 73
have marriage 70 have
millions 58 have private
46 have several 61
have slavery 104 have
suicide 50 have tobacco
67 have violence 121
have witches 86 have
several 77 have imposed
180 have involving 57
have related 85 have
requiring 103 have similar
679 have affairs 190
have against 123 have
attacks 55 have between
40 have careful 218
have certain 106 have
classes 178 have courses
155 have foreign 102
have herself 729 have
himself 5343 have illegal
73 have limited 298
have marketing 42 have
massive 68 have matters
87 have national 163
have perhaps 50 have
periodic 91 have pioneering
114 have previous 48
have private 63 have
regarding 42 have regional
53 have regular 175
have repeated 87 have
research 14013 have reviews
95 have schools 102
have searches 120 have
sessions 51 have several
3189 have sherman 52
have similar 1359 have
strikes 48 have studies
4517 have suggest 75
have surveys 1325 have
thorough 190 have together
59 have towards 108
have worship 45 have
defects 56 have benefit
68 have blessings 73
have certain 157 have
degrees 94 have dignity
126 have immense 107
have liberty 49 have
several 47 have similar
63 have together 734
have against 149 have
because 90 have everything
1596 have falsely 49
have frankly 70 have
herself 73 have himself
506 have weakness 51
have certain 136 have
everything 184 have general
58 have himself 171
have previous 465 have
reports 236 have results
81 have several 186
have similar 171 have
agendas 258 have answers
133 have beliefs 276
have criteria 44 have
demands 429 have desires
1188 have effects 516
have emotions 307 have
impacts 72 have motives
206 have national 61
have opinions 779 have
reactions 49 have reports
183 have results 405
have stories 88 have
systems 58 have thoughts
144 have versions 91
have because 199 have
between 1001 have regarding
103 have closely 166
have exactly 83 have
herself 67 have himself
183 have effects 160
have factors 44 have
similar 91 have absence
246 have adrenal 161
have deafness 47 have
defects 538 have rubella
67 have failure 98
have between 98 have
complex 84 have certain
58 have herself 96
have himself 511 have
islands 147 have several
46 have therewith 196
have together 257 have
between 65 have america
235 have babylon 49
have because 86 have
belgium 56 have britain
137 have carthage 146
have certain 41 have
diseases 105 have empires
42 have everything 387
have foreign 63 have
fortune 70 have freedom
60 have germany 300
have gravity 46 have
himself 133 have holland
80 have ireland 218
have liberty 152 have
napoleon 47 have poverty
83 have several 77
have western 98 have
because 201 have together
1040 have willingly 155
have certain 41 have
herself 42 have himself
59 have millions 57
have chiefly 2615 have
largely 2580 have usually
42 have together 98
have against 13730 have
together 10348 have towards
245 have affords 55
have certain 41 have
similar 99 have against
61 have believe 59
have certain 47 have
chiefly 146 have closely
139 have comfort 54
have congress 128 have
contain 58 have counsel
105 have doctors 128
have eminent 128 have
experts 202 have friends
87 have general 305
have history 62 have
include 270 have lawyers
97 have medical 74
have mentions 65 have
official 44 have regarding
52 have several 1431
have sources 713 have
suggest 53 have together
1962 have believe 53
have several 184 have
diseases 791 have effects
68 have alcohol 61
have arsenic 233 have
bacteria 53 have beauties
152 have between 402
have buildings 57 have
certain 284 have clauses
137 have details 111
have diseased 47 have
everything 95 have exactly
94 have features 53
have fifteen 125 have
figures 70 have fossils
46 have herself 40
have himself 207 have
language 168 have letters
73 have liquids 76
have material 650 have
members 75 have mercury
74 have millions 85
have nitrate 49 have
objects 66 have offerings
72 have organic 147
have paintings 42 have
perfume 42 have perhaps
62 have radical 40
have records 93 have
remains 113 have reports
78 have roughly 59
have sections 57 have
seventy 49 have several
1272 have similar 341
have sixteen 67 have
smaller 45 have statues
220 have stories 44
have treasure 43 have
upwards 210 have against
1369 have hitherto 40
have strongly 82 have
together 81 have herself
1031 have himself 9312
have against 44 have
contact 221 have occasion
241 have trouble 85
have variation 60 have
according 51 have against
143 have although 47
have attacks 42 have
attending 80 have because
1014 have believing 50
have between 525 have
certain 41 have contact
467 have current 46
have declining 42 have
despite 754 have divided
70 have dormant 117
have eastward 181 have
efforts 121 have equally
77 have exactly 129
have expanding 114 have
exploring 64 have extending
70 have extreme 46
have faithful 723 have
following 153 have foreign
43 have forever 540
have forward 110 have
friends 56 have happily
116 have hitherto 187
have hostile 41 have
improving 61 have increasing
145 have largely 275
have members 59 have
merrily 55 have operating
520 have outside 125
have perfect 61 have
perhaps 60 have popular
87 have producing 215
have providing 74 have
quietly 99 have rapidly
57 have receiving 74
have regarding 45 have
regular 49 have research
242 have several 244
have similar 64 have
smoothly 44 have steadily
617 have strongly 95
have studies 93 have
subject 340 have success
367 have superior 51
have support 375 have
together 224 have towards
176 have traveling 48
have unknown 162 have
unmixed 48 have upwards
148 have willingly 53
have between 60 have
providing 47 have effects
503 have opinions 61
have between 192 have
against 158 have between
49 have hitherto 115
have language 58 have
matters 591 have several
114 have somehow 187
have effects 83 have
because 129 have rapidly
46 have together 54
have towards 477 have
several 42 have together
468 have factors 244
have because 123 have
certain 72 have everything
55 have germany 40
have himself 131 have
millions 120 have natural
47 have several 206
have himself 109 have
persons 65 have america
47 have anybody 334
have certain 73 have
charles 87 have congress
370 have critics 49
have general 167 have
germany 41 have herself
1078 have himself 5837
have mankind 202 have
members 105 have millions
172 have napoleon 148
have parents 56 have
pharaoh 40 have raymond
48 have richard 45
have several 292 have
society 101 have teachers
42 have virginia 41
have workers 43 have
mankind 54 have society
61 have notices 41
have clients 76 have
counsel 43 have offices
73 have profits 51
have certain 230 have
herself 48 have himself
310 have offending 47
have previous 41 have
several 361 have factors
85 have applied 378
have assumed 190 have
carried 62 have charged
40 have counted 59
have decided 89 have
deduced 86 have defined
319 have divined 85
have entered 221 have
focused 73 have grasped
217 have guessed 432
have labeled 50 have
located 165 have matched
79 have measured 165
have noticed 48 have
pointed 2111 have realized
65 have reasoned 40
have spelled 104 have
written 102 have effects
301 have everything 52
have justice 68 have
mankind 61 have religion
82 have society 67
have against 376 have
clients 45 have couples
119 have parents 43
have several 84 have
choices 47 have friends
125 have millions 109
have numbers 166 have
stories 127 have rituals
97 have adapted 106
have applied 110 have
puzzles 50 have adopted
96 have defined 42
have alluded 146 have
glanced 91 have noticed
71 have pointed 74
have effects 816 have
because 125 have america
143 have carried 64
have diverse 69 have
limited 116 have refused
46 have forests 44
have against 1162 have
chapter 82 have everything
116 have herself 143
have himself 749 have
research 68 have sections
49 have servers 55
have several 117 have
support 42 have teachers
88 have temples 69
have towards 82 have
offspring 75 have systems
44 have genetic 49
have certain 395 have
control 84 have decision
61 have elected 57
have present 42 have
charles 170 have chaucer
49 have dickens 64
have himself 85 have
mankind 131 have millions
198 have rousseau 56
have shelley 52 have
certain 95 have several
244 have against 66
have between 56 have
clement 88 have everything
75 have herself 179
have himself 1329 have
infants 77 have jericho
154 have letters 71
have mankind 42 have
opinions 178 have oracles
50 have orations 40
have pledges 45 have
results 135 have sermons
121 have several 328
have similar 95 have
superior 55 have beliefs
80 have thoughts 58
have because 48 have
extending 194 have against
118 have eternal 54
have slavery 92 have
tyranny 40 have vengeance
43 have between 400
have exceeding 155 have
similar 119 have clauses
97 have parents 67
have alluvial 87 have
baggage 78 have material
115 have several 73
have centers 66 have
parents 75 have according
79 have between 57
have lineally 47 have
rapidly 49 have several
133 have together 89
have towards 75 have
according 63 have african
74 have against 57
have america 145 have
animals 54 have appeared
98 have applies 144
have aspects 348 have
assumes 87 have attacks
111 have bacteria 91
have because 467 have
becomes 134 have behavior
90 have between 861
have brahman 94 have
briefly 2624 have britain
56 have british 100
have brought 60 have
certain 1296 have chiefly
51 have chinese 55
have cholera 43 have
chronic 69 have complex
85 have contain 61
have control 42 have
criteria 45 have culture
82 have current 111
have defects 41 have
delayed 50 have demands
43 have depends 153
have details 112 have
devices 42 have differs
125 have diseases 44
have diverse 41 have
effects 126 have efforts
114 have enables 70
have european 47 have
everything 188 have exactly
296 have existed 119
have factors 120 have
features 100 have general
506 have genetic 46
have herself 699 have
himself 2772 have history
47 have hitherto 340
have implies 112 have
include 82 have infants
54 have involve 127
have language 150 have
lincoln 66 have marketing
54 have marriage 77
have measures 91 have
members 48 have natural
93 have objects 55
have peculiar 88 have
perhaps 64 have permits
98 have persons 59
have possess 46 have
poverty 102 have present
191 have primary 89
have produce 51 have
provide 255 have reactions
59 have reduced 59
have reflect 89 have
regarding 77 have related
57 have relates 42
have religion 99 have
remains 82 have require
148 have research 475
have results 278 have
schemes 54 have science
51 have several 4922
have similar 2593 have
species 110 have stalked
128 have strains 45
have studies 245 have
success 74 have suggest
222 have support 111
have surface 44 have
systems 229 have teachers
55 have together 50
have towards 66 have
typical 204 have unusual
69 have usually 77
have variants 55 have
vividly 86 have effects
1043 have features 414
have impacts 43 have
results 249 have because
169 have utterly 55
have battles 104 have
african 46 have america
112 have ancient 91
have because 205 have
between 83 have britain
70 have british 123
have buildings 78 have
carthage 316 have certain
131 have charity 52
have empires 52 have
everything 5189 have fifteen
58 have finally 40
have foreign 40 have
forests 155 have forever
354 have freedom 195
have general 42 have
germany 123 have habitat
45 have herself 389
have himself 1390 have
immense 60 have liberty
127 have mankind 133
have millions 385 have
napoleon 44 have national
44 have natural 120
have numbers 90 have
portions 94 have private
101 have records 58
have religion 90 have
seventy 318 have several
644 have sixteen 57
have slavery 79 have
society 85 have thirteen
67 have turkish 52
have upwards 82 have
utterly 77 have western
44 have effects 167
have effects 710 have
affects 79 have effects
11484 have impacts 568
have results 1512 have
ability 155 have according
1241 have acutely 49
have adverse 49 have
aesthetic 44 have against
867 have alcohol 110
have although 43 have
amazingly 110 have anorexia
98 have answers 53
have anxiety 86 have
applied 47 have applies
48 have aspects 134
have because 9506 have
behavior 189 have beliefs
231 have between 11512
have bilingual 48 have
bizarre 53 have bladder
188 have broader 137
have broadly 82 have
cancers 99 have capital
152 have careers 106
have careful 130 have
centers 86 have central
180 have ceramic 44
have certain 6191 have
chiefly 317 have chronic
533 have classes 77
have closely 75 have
college 45 have compact
171 have competing 166
have complex 4300 have
contact 77 have content
260 have control 250
have correct 48 have
counter 206 have courage
69 have courses 662
have creative 692 have
criteria 1091 have culture
182 have customs 222
have decision 354 have
defects 94 have defense
182 have delayed 102
have dementia 147 have
depending 40 have depends
49 have designs 180
have despite 286 have
devices 489 have diabetes
899 have diabetic 41
have dietary 85 have
differing 593 have differs
47 have diffuse 86
have digital 142 have
disabling 45 have diseases
56 have distant 97
have diverse 495 have
drought 44 have dynamic
201 have elegant 104
have enables 82 have
enzymes 63 have equally
382 have everything 85
have exactly 190 have
exchange 162 have extreme
128 have factors 44
have factory 48 have
farthest 100 have fastest
47 have features 403
have federal 42 have
flowers 49 have fluency
86 have following 702
have foreign 89 have
formats 109 have forward
48 have furthest 241
have gangrene 69 have
general 1813 have generic
122 have genetic 330
have genuine 179 have
governing 102 have graphic
54 have hebrews 70
have helpful 128 have
hepatic 89 have herself
61 have himself 130
have hitherto 58 have
hobbies 84 have hostile
63 have hybrids 49
have illness 94 have
immense 66 have include
221 have including 119
have increasing 299 have
indexes 96 have insight
210 have insulin 118
have intense 207 have
involving 89 have jointly
125 have judicial 65
have language 1325 have
largely 2026 have lateral
91 have leisure 45
have lessons 44 have
leukemia 443 have liberal
54 have library 58
have licensing 87 have
lifelong 63 have limited
280 have listening 55
have locally 634 have
logical 79 have loyalty
81 have machine 109
have manuals 151 have
marketing 495 have markets
170 have massive 116
have mastery 105 have
material 321 have maximum
140 have meaningful 172
have measures 2096 have
medical 218 have mentoring
43 have metrics 45
have minimal 45 have
minimum 207 have modular
159 have modules 79
have muscles 58 have
musical 88 have national
1086 have natural 311
have nervous 160 have
network 286 have notable
96 have notably 63
have official 156 have
operating 157 have opinions
125 have optical 85
have optimal 84 have
organic 110 have outreach
156 have outside 2802
have ovaries 75 have
overall 42 have overseas
65 have painful 52
have passive 73 have
patient 133 have pattern
41 have peculiar 211
have perfect 68 have
perhaps 128 have plastic
87 have popular 105
have position 104 have
precise 247 have primary
149 have privacy 98
have private 308 have
problem 180 have process
156 have product 354
have program 301 have
promising 354 have provide
84 have psychic 142
have quality 528 have
quickly 598 have radiation
58 have radical 78
have rapidly 12906 have
rapport 350 have rational
136 have recipes 68
have recycling 98 have
reduced 48 have refined
159 have reflect 59
have regarding 836 have
regional 513 have regular
279 have related 488
have reliable 323 have
religion 50 have remedial
73 have reporting 67
have require 50 have
requiring 45 have research
1349 have resisting 187
have respect 151 have
results 59 have retinal
42 have rickets 60
have rituals 334 have
roughly 96 have routine
113 have schemes 523
have schools 144 have
science 614 have screening
311 have scripts 65
have seemingly 45 have
sensors 52 have sensory
76 have service 272
have several 12477 have
shallow 51 have sharply
49 have shorter 62
have shortly 103 have
similar 4897 have simpler
74 have sizable 78
have skilled 52 have
smaller 163 have smoothly
193 have socially 144
have solution 40 have
sources 126 have species
70 have steadily 604
have stomach 122 have
storage 43 have stories
66 have strains 423
have strengths 125 have
stringent 61 have stronger
939 have strongly 411
have student 98 have
studies 106 have subject
153 have suggest 50
have superior 401 have
support 588 have surface
203 have swiftly 58
have swollen 53 have
symbols 68 have sympathy
61 have systems 4216
have tactics 190 have
talents 111 have textile
85 have thorough 52
have thoughts 51 have
tightly 43 have together
4077 have totally 2477
have tourism 108 have
tourist 66 have towards
857 have tracheal 101
have typhoid 43 have
typical 146 have unhealthy
71 have uniform 192
have unusual 476 have
urinary 115 have usually
43 have vaginal 43
have variable 49 have
variants 137 have versions
189 have virtual 83
have vitamin 40 have
weakness 46 have welfare
217 have whereby 186
have written 354 have
criteria 76 have features
115 have studies 45
have utility 252 have
ability 233 have absorbing
115 have accents 449
have account 41 have
address 97 have adhesion
44 have adverse 72
have aesthetic 545 have
affects 131 have agendas
2461 have alcohol 41
have alleles 734 have
allelic 63 have amounts
11265 have animals 102
have answers 2963 have
antigen 133 have arrival
108 have aspects 1417
have avenues 58 have
average 3169 have balance
130 have beginning 236
have behavior 784 have
beliefs 5532 have benefit
402 have biologic 541
have borders 99 have
branching 65 have budgets
113 have buffering 59
have bundles 65 have
buoyant 74 have burdens
98 have burgers 46
have buttons 71 have
calcium 92 have caloric
199 have calorie 53
have capital 1082 have
capture 51 have careers
161 have carrier 218
have centers 402 have
central 261 have chances
467 have channel 160
have charges 1721 have
choices 533 have circles
76 have classes 1505
have cleavage 107 have
clients 145 have climate
97 have closure 103
have colored 879 have
columns 63 have combining
99 have comfort 235
have command 275 have
company 57 have complex
129 have computing 191
have contact 97 have
content 1914 have context
60 have control 1688
have couplings 60 have
coupons 65 have courses
346 have coverings 49
have creative 65 have
criteria 6864 have crystal
1098 have culture 131
have current 278 have
customs 8009 have decision
348 have decrees 40
have default 536 have
defects 62 have degrees
42187 have deities 52
have demands 2786 have
density 215 have designs
932 have desired 176
have desires 2073 have
details 174 have devices
170 have dialects 540
have diameter 93 have
dietary 353 have diseases
226 have display 246
have doctors 47 have
domains 1285 have doppler
249 have dresses 68
have drivers 137 have
duration 160 have dynamic
441 have editions 90
have editors 99 have
effects 91370 have elastic
519 have element 148
have emission 275 have
emotions 424 have enemies
104 have entries 174
have enzymes 124 have
etiology 46 have exchange
511 have extents 82
have factions 53 have
factors 349 have factual
70 have failure 310
have fashions 167 have
fatigue 64 have features
6077 have figures 403
have filtering 108 have
filters 75 have financing
99 have fitness 159
have flavors 541 have
flowering 222 have flowers
56 have focuses 537
have folders 75 have
foreign 163 have formant
55 have formats 1383
have forward 44 have
fractal 165 have friction
53 have friends 754
have function 187 have
futures 225 have genders
288 have general 257
have generic 117 have
genetic 1899 have genomes
53 have geologic 75
have geometry 201 have
glasses 40 have governing
169 have grounds 237
have groupings 81 have
habitat 359 have heights
1173 have history 76
have hobbies 116 have
hormone 52 have hunches
45 have ignition 139
have impacts 11152 have
implied 106 have incomes
1657 have indexes 200
have initials 52 have
intents 97 have interior
98 have isotope 75
have kinetic 1284 have
kinship 103 have language
1140 have latency 87
have lateral 113 have
lattice 553 have layouts
317 have legends 71
have leisure 192 have
lessons 116 have letters
324 have lexical 222
have licensing 121 have
lineages 55 have listening
148 have literal 42
have location 175 have
logical 810 have machine
358 have manners 621
have margins 232 have
marital 49 have markers
133 have marketing 553
have markets 195 have
markups 73 have marriage
114 have masters 169
have material 1298 have
matters 52 have maximal
115 have maximum 1366
have measured 46 have
measures 769 have medical
241 have melodic 59
have members 595 have
message 69 have metrics
145 have mineral 381
have minimal 68 have
minimum 980 have missions
781 have modules 57
have momenta 137 have
moments 250 have motives
2490 have muscles 54
have musical 301 have
mutation 357 have national
681 have natural 3148
have natures 2151 have
nervous 43 have network
736 have neutron 134
have nominal 142 have
nuances 421 have numbering
200 have numbers 24517
have numeric 72 have
objects 4748 have occasion
42 have offices 398
have official 154 have
offsets 84 have operating
2790 have opinions 34597
have optical 809 have
optimal 924 have optimum
1182 have orbital 368
have orderings 72 have
organic 113 have origins
15651 have osmotic 85
have outcome 79 have
outfits 46 have outlets
55 have outputs 338
have outside 52 have
outward 41 have overall
484 have overhead 140
have packaging 72 have
parenting 383 have parents
455 have parties 175
have passions 111 have
pathways 241 have patient
107 have pattern 84
have payment 178 have
payoffs 161 have peptide
130 have periodic 47
have persons 309 have
pitches 418 have plastic
90 have players 54
have plumage 94 have
portions 139 have position
77 have potency 65
have poverty 63 have
prayers 44 have present
236 have previous 78
have primary 961 have
priority 257 have privacy
124 have private 169
have problem 276 have
process 182 have product
977 have profile 90
have program 115 have
project 158 have protein
531 have psychic 73
have purpose 60 have
quality 1152 have quantum
470 have radiation 120
have reactions 6340 have
recipes 87 have recording
50 have records 109
have refresh 46 have
regimes 171 have regional
390 have remaining 40
have reporting 699 have
reports 79 have research
297 have reserve 191
have results 3554 have
returns 182 have revenue
241 have rewards 89
have rhythmic 99 have
rituals 200 have rotation
88 have samples 92
have schemes 341 have
schools 181 have science
43 have screening 119
have scripts 236 have
seasonal 374 have sections
465 have segment 45
have seismic 49 have
sensory 340 have servers
45 have service 733
have signaling 139 have
signals 127 have socially
49 have softening 109
have solution 271 have
solvent 139 have sources
3004 have speakers 48
have species 816 have
spectra 659 have spellings
4631 have spheres 646
have spirits 53 have
stances 92 have stations
125 have stimuli 42
have storage 403 have
stories 1033 have strains
141 have strengths 6747
have strikes 77 have
stripes 42 have strokes
90 have student 47
have subject 940 have
subsets 86 have subunit
72 have success 311
have suicide 56 have
support 174 have surface
1869 have switching 113
have symbols 1265 have
symptom 125 have systems
5457 have tactics 128
have talents 1627 have
tangents 52 have targets
574 have tariffs 125
have taxable 701 have
teachers 673 have tempers
51 have tensile 112
have tensions 110 have
tertiary 45 have textual
61 have texture 86
have thematic 94 have
thoughts 1873 have timbres
176 have tissues 40
have traffic 426 have
transit 94 have typical
116 have utility 764
have valence 86 have
vanishing 115 have vantage
112 have variable 173
have variance 161 have
variants 186 have variation
44 have vectors 85
have versions 2686 have
virtual 89 have virtues
308 have visible 51
have vitamin 164 have
voltage 275 have volumes
493 have weighting 182
have weights 9819 have
welfare 482 have windows
122 have workers 46
have worries 107 have
written 121 have airways
58 have choices 289
have machining 435 have
matters 46 have moments
152 have enzymes 271
have systems 879 have
trouble 65 have because
142 have between 257
have measured 47 have
similar 523 have smaller
242 have control 73
have effects 148 have
returns 999 have utility
54 have repeated 127
have written 59 have
entries 101 have because
103 have regarding 169
have sharply 432 have
strongly 313 have because
103 have because 61
have certain 89 have
everything 414 have foreign
44 have religion 98
have several 50 have
between 194 have certain
120 have several 93
have similar 48 have
outlets 137 have certain
204 have details 52
have everything 83 have
herself 48 have himself
140 have material 101
have several 343 have
similar 286 have regarding
40 have because 99
have regarding 240 have
abortion 59 have affairs
40 have african 113
have against 57 have
ancient 64 have anxiety
43 have applies 92
have aspects 978 have
because 340 have behavior
52 have between 222
have briefly 4316 have
capital 85 have certain
1420 have chiefly 159
have chinese 105 have
complex 47 have concern
49 have contain 74
have control 92 have
criteria 109 have culture
68 have current 173
have decision 156 have
details 137 have divorce
42 have effects 115
have everything 856 have
exchange 45 have explain
50 have factors 397
have features 100 have
foreign 171 have frankly
50 have general 535
have genetic 41 have
hitherto 813 have implies
50 have include 205
have involve 289 have
language 165 have largely
43 have marriage 219
have material 115 have
matters 698 have measures
301 have medical 66
have mexican 40 have
national 63 have natural
157 have network 58
have objects 43 have
optimal 47 have portions
49 have present 172
have primary 61 have
private 52 have problem
117 have process 59
have product 40 have
program 92 have provide
258 have quality 121
have quantum 50 have
reactions 66 have reflect
98 have regarding 296
have regional 50 have
related 270 have religion
152 have require 147
have research 296 have
results 133 have science
157 have several 5916
have similar 461 have
sources 95 have studies
125 have suggest 274
have suicide 48 have
support 65 have surface
52 have systems 166
have together 769 have
tonight 243 have typical
80 have variation 48
have williams 53 have
sessions 52 have herself
40 have himself 249
have european 43 have
herself 349 have himself
1065 have savages 138
have certain 446 have
herself 293 have himself
809 have anybody 45
have certain 49 have
charges 54 have everything
110 have religion 51
have several 51 have
workers 41 have affecting
49 have effects 265
have impacts 124 have
origins 62 have justice
163 have between 53
have african 46 have
certain 80 have millions
137 have natural 63
have private 43 have
religion 41 have several
57 have workers 118
have ability 105 have
against 189 have bravery
44 have certain 120
have concern 63 have
courage 249 have eminent
47 have exactly 47
have extreme 117 have
genuine 68 have himself
109 have hitherto 82
have immense 46 have
increasing 209 have ingenuity
197 have intense 42
have limited 103 have
marvels 62 have notable
53 have peculiar 140
have several 91 have
similar 435 have superior
91 have talents 96
have towards 765 have
unusual 261 have weakness
68 have persons 44
have himself 185 have
everything 41 have natural
81 have several 59
have society 46 have
animals 54 have insects
52 have several 109
have strongly 41 have
because 163 have pizarro
84 have herself 189
have himself 1015 have
between 82 have bellies
68 have beliefs 86
have certain 53 have
history 177 have results
54 have thoughts 41
have thoughts 74 have
effects 71 have results
68 have thoughts 47
have certain 43 have
everything 151 have himself
128 have parents 48
have society 66 have
beliefs 89 have effects
359 have opinions 550
have degrees 881 have
brought 78 have written
58 have african 194
have america 155 have
because 119 have british
336 have canadian 148
have central 54 have
certain 111 have chinese
192 have congress 90
have current 42 have
debates 147 have decision
123 have efforts 60
have egyptian 54 have
european 320 have everything
86 have federal 60
have foreign 138 have
germany 60 have history
131 have jamaica 46
have mankind 57 have
medical 80 have mexican
88 have national 296
have nigerian 41 have
official 152 have popular
177 have postwar 96
have previous 112 have
regional 74 have research
785 have science 109
have society 144 have
southern 43 have studies
177 have swedish 58
have western 2757 have
admired 101 have altered
61 have appeared 98
have arranged 94 have
assumed 40 have brought
370 have carried 178
have derived 115 have
devised 73 have enjoyed
60 have entered 76
have escaped 243 have
evolved 91 have exerted
66 have existed 126
have figured 185 have
gathered 92 have guessed
257 have laughed 74
have noticed 1234 have
offered 50 have omitted
102 have realized 167
have reduced 60 have
secured 49 have studied
53 have visited 113
have watched 61 have
weakened 40 have written
203 have yielded 47
have refused 83 have
effects 179 have because
86 have swelled 51
have entries 147 have
numbers 98 have records
147 have friends 49
have effects 61 have
charges 67 have command
168 have contact 111
have control 5726 have
counsel 63 have decision
75 have defense 43
have freedom 69 have
listening 91 have marketing
54 have measures 130
have medical 54 have
national 58 have natural
65 have problem 95
have program 49 have
quality 89 have results
189 have schools 80
have screening 91 have
support 129 have systems
297 have teachers 47
have control 40 have
canines 44 have control
125 have markets 63
have schools 62 have
service 68 have systems
178 have teachers 40
have borders 49 have
control 44 have courses
47 have designs 116
have devices 66 have
funeral 41 have rituals
308 have scenery 41
have schemes 113 have
stories 45 have systems
875 have systems 153
have knocked 65 have
between 43 have adduced
97 have advised 45
have allowed 40 have
alluded 2831 have applied
130 have briefly 125
have brought 109 have
claimed 150 have defined
564 have devoted 90
have entered 111 have
impeded 138 have labeled
222 have largely 55
have likened 76 have
noticed 2161 have offered
272 have pointed 6528
have printed 82 have
refuted 49 have related
3725 have studied 63
have touched 182 have
written 1493 have millions
110 have himself 150
have mankind 44 have
contact 63 have medical
697 have numbers 292
have service 40 have
surgery 541 have because
151 have between 61
have largely 50 have
overseas 266 have adorned
46 have merited 45
have content 3170 have
grounds 178 have research
63 have results 46
have studies 208 have
support 2973 have perform
45 have reporting 40
have trained 58 have
congress 133 have workers
49 have millions 54
have results 102 have
enabled 115 have british
43 have himself 98
have liberty 57 have
national 94 have species
113 have briefly 165
have several 52 have
utterly 50 have debated
239 have repeated 90
have effects 121 have
function 168 have between
96 have certain 59
have intense 57 have
several 41 have similar
60 have himself 172
have millions 49 have
certain 63 have everything
185 have herself 46
have himself 87 have
millions 55 have certain
79 have himself 43
have himself 84 have
herself 79 have himself
222 have defects 52
have attacks 222 have
grounds 49 have priority
50 have statues 52
have capable 349 have
similar 75 have effects
55 have results 80
have because 111 have
between 41 have rapidly
693 have sharply 245
have steadily 53 have
clauses 145 have clauses
465 have adapted 116
have admired 201 have
adverse 104 have alluded
41 have appealed 375
have applied 95 have
aroused 49 have avoided
102 have brought 73
have careful 43 have
complex 65 have derived
95 have desired 415
have devoted 303 have
endeared 357 have enjoyed
938 have excited 103
have exerted 91 have
favored 297 have focused
322 have intense 61
have invited 50 have
limited 130 have noticed
558 have pointed 147
have praised 65 have
studied 581 have touched
46 have trained 58
have written 45 have
average 335 have between
67 have capital 91
have effects 65 have
equation 103 have himself
40 have returns 45
have roughly 102 have
several 103 have similar
81 have surface 40
have existed 274 have
diverse 59 have germany
45 have effects 74
have factors 59 have
several 482 have similar
50 have criteria 56
have systems 103 have
dominion 48 have against
184 have believe 240
have together 73 have
concern 64 have increasing
44 have similar 46
have support 58 have
adopted 101 have allusion
41 have appeared 84
have arrived 385 have
assumed 123 have belonged
164 have brought 130
have counted 148 have
crossed 61 have decided
329 have derived 164
have drifted 48 have
dropped 45 have enjoyed
64 have entered 188
have escaped 85 have
evolved 178 have existed
67 have ignored 80
have realized 41 have
reduced 43 have shifted
56 have studied 105
have written 167 have
yielded 42 have ancient
67 have canyons 80
have several 175 have
valleys 186 have complex
148 have enjoyed 51
have limited 164 have
obliged 43 have ability
166 have abrasion 195
have adhesion 794 have
balance 385 have barrier
58 have buildings 84
have chances 524 have
clarity 87 have cleavage
60 have command 135
have company 88 have
content 189 have control
550 have courses 102
have doctors 104 have
dynamic 81 have effects
552 have elastic 53
have excuses 76 have
exterior 59 have faculty
47 have fatigue 282
have features 118 have
fitness 45 have friends
139 have function 72
have gardens 66 have
general 92 have grounds
377 have harbors 116
have indexes 74 have
insight 104 have language
171 have library 90
have listening 340 have
machining 87 have manners
464 have manuals 40
have marketing 42 have
masters 58 have material
371 have medical 465
have motives 42 have
museums 51 have musical
62 have national 52
have natural 219 have
operating 61 have optical
303 have outdoor 40
have overall 74 have
pasture 61 have posture
87 have private 68
have problem 155 have
product 93 have quality
890 have railway 42
have rapport 256 have
records 735 have reports
115 have research 300
have results 1400 have
reviews 46 have schools
465 have sections 132
have service 213 have
solvent 181 have sources
187 have speakers 41
have stamina 41 have
storage 137 have studies
114 have success 213
have support 245 have
surface 186 have systems
163 have talents 71
have teachers 327 have
tensile 327 have texture
63 have virtues 64
have written 416 have
portions 46 have alcohol
49 have amounts 784
have anxiety 100 have
concern 42 have contact
42 have control 85
have daytime 320 have
demands 110 have lateral
42 have numbers 197
have urinary 51 have
against 1893 have command
84 have control 15655
have custody 85 have
decision 64 have dominion
173 have features 61
have marketing 359 have
subject 111 have systems
103 have ability 838
have control 229 have
function 79 have offices
66 have sessions 44
have support 83 have
records 66 have against
487 have certain 137
have charity 124 have
command 121 have control
1904 have dominion 385
have extreme 146 have
freedom 61 have general
276 have himself 523
have immense 174 have
increasing 116 have ingenuity
65 have judicial 221
have several 68 have
similar 155 have supreme
153 have towards 462
have tyranny 42 have
unusual 62 have everything
1021 have herself 434
have himself 751 have
language 222 have regular
44 have against 95
have behavior 150 have
certain 310 have concern
69 have courage 79
have decided 51 have
extreme 124 have features
54 have genuine 43
have heroism 107 have
herself 178 have himself
238 have increasing 125
have limited 119 have
objects 41 have peculiar
47 have promising 48
have reduced 63 have
several 280 have similar
739 have stronger 229
have superior 181 have
together 64 have towards
402 have typical 44
have unusual 197 have
weakness 62 have because
45 have outside 882
have effects 49 have
matters 158 have buildings
48 have hobbies 64
have jewelry 74 have
medical 46 have parties
62 have regarding 97
have related 100 have
behavior 60 have between
81 have briefly 419
have certain 251 have
everything 5465 have exactly
481 have herself 280
have himself 1070 have
matters 853 have regarding
84 have religion 41
have several 378 have
certain 62 have natural
101 have popular 43
have religion 77 have
several 47 have workers
59 have charges 42
have effects 149 have
results 116 have tempers
103 have against 238
have anxiety 702 have
beliefs 43 have cautious
76 have certain 528
have chagrin 48 have
concern 27749 have consent
41 have decided 65
have delight 168 have
desires 81 have despair
44 have differing 366
have disdain 109 have
disgust 448 have dislike
108 have dissent 160
have diverse 143 have
equally 64 have everything
411 have exactly 211
have extreme 216 have
general 242 have genuine
167 have herself 1368
have himself 17491 have
increasing 532 have intense
86 have jealousy 50
have opinions 2451 have
outrage 394 have pleasure
247 have private 73
have regarding 495 have
regrets 308 have remorse
144 have renewed 121
have repeated 53 have
respect 98 have sadness
161 have several 225
have similar 5359 have
sincere 96 have stronger
48 have strongly 150
have support 1845 have
sympathy 1017 have thoughts
75 have towards 778
have worries 398 have
adopted 431 have allowed
89 have applied 113
have assumed 121 have
avoided 117 have brought
52 have charged 111
have claimed 48 have
decided 162 have defined
96 have desired 49
have enacted 118 have
granted 145 have guarded
79 have limited 443
have noticed 53 have
omitted 163 have ordered
155 have pointed 118
have refused 234 have
written 191 have control
62 have manners 76
have pleasure 41 have
amounts 103 have branching
185 have buildings 45
have capital 57 have
contact 1452 have control
564 have effects 356
have estates 94 have
foreign 550 have forests
256 have freedom 118
have gardens 254 have
genetic 52 have grounds
310 have impacts 51
have kinship 56 have
language 53 have lateral
165 have library 115
have marketing 85 have
marshes 51 have material
135 have medical 305
have mineral 82 have
musical 47 have national
129 have natural 78
have numbers 53 have
offerings 57 have operating
109 have outside 44
have overlap 173 have
overseas 218 have plastic
48 have popular 84
have portions 41 have
previous 73 have primary
44 have private 135
have product 268 have
records 412 have regional
45 have remains 144
have repairs 85 have
reporting 49 have reports
44 have research 1167
have sections 158 have
service 65 have shallow
74 have sources 57
have storage 76 have
studies 89 have support
251 have surface 143
have surgery 78 have
systems 268 have utility
42 have welfare 77
have written 165 have
certain 102 have everything
55 have himself 61
have largely 73 have
material 59 have replies
54 have several 190
have adverse 284 have
brittle 54 have complex
921 have demanding 131
have diverse 337 have
fertile 53 have fragile
148 have harmful 161
have intense 88 have
liberal 63 have limited
6218 have obliged 119
have painful 101 have
precise 99 have reduced
228 have reliable 55
have shallow 86 have
similar 366 have slender
50 have stringent 60
have uniform 59 have
unusual 48 have variable
365 have producing 64
have capable 228 have
superior 100 have adhered
700 have applied 113
have avoided 54 have
carried 717 have counted
56 have devoted 96
have endured 45 have
guarded 104 have labored
168 have painted 42
have preached 148 have
pursued 177 have related
695 have repeated 142
have searched 44 have
striven 87 have studied
201 have written 45
have history 134 have
records 95 have involving
65 have results 43
have stories 265 have
effects 2212 have impacts
123 have opinions 261
have outcome 47 have
reactions 102 have reports
74 have results 617
have altered 118 have
desired 44 have election
61 have systems 41
have herself 302 have
himself 1853 have mankind
84 have missions 41
have schools 80 have
incomes 102 have allowed
359 have assumed 57
have anybody 41 have
certain 63 have congress
58 have foreign 49
have marriage 137 have
private 56 have slavery
101 have certain 57
have eternal 46 have
everything 247 have forever
66 have respect 53
have worldly 45 have
america 57 have anybody
45 have because 915
have certain 462 have
details 172 have diogenes
43 have everything 16247
have exactly 886 have
existed 77 have forever
66 have general 202
have germany 44 have
herself 500 have himself
1631 have history 155
have ireland 71 have
perhaps 85 have previous
100 have religion 51
have several 143 have
totally 53 have utterly
134 have effects 161
have against 47 have
himself 457 have strongly
43 have results 49
have letters 73 have
several 55 have against
74 have because 1819
have utterly 56 have
charges 214 have numbers
58 have content 108
have spectra 134 have
thoughts 65 have certain
735 have everything 162
have herself 51 have
himself 161 have several
104 have similar 114
have towards 43 have
aspects 68 have cohesion
169 have control 116
have defects 142 have
effects 221 have ovaries
107 have utility 204
have variation 44 have
according 116 have chiefly
83 have equally 106
have largely 239 have
outside 190 have smoothly
222 have together 294
have against 130 have
america 42 have answers
49 have between 45
have capital 66 have
certain 171 have chaucer
50 have designs 175
have details 131 have
endless 100 have equally
58 have everything 91
have figures 53 have
general 57 have grounds
213 have helpful 89
have herself 47 have
himself 335 have history
50 have letters 88
have mankind 89 have
material 3992 have members
50 have millions 59
have motives 58 have
napoleon 46 have objects
41 have occasion 461
have perhaps 51 have
princes 77 have records
43 have reliable 78
have remains 73 have
repeated 103 have results
195 have several 448
have shelter 59 have
similar 150 have sources
54 have subject 181
have support 85 have
teachers 40 have towards
40 have planted 48
have accrued 41 have
accused 56 have adapted
225 have adhered 882
have admired 88 have
adopted 6030 have advised
157 have aligned 57
have allowed 1377 have
altered 70 have appealed
159 have appeared 912
have applied 1329 have
arranged 129 have arrived
256 have assumed 13721
have availed 175 have
avoided 3411 have awarded
85 have behaved 253
have belonged 270 have
blotted 44 have brought
492 have carried 406
have charged 80 have
checked 43 have claimed
504 have classed 66
have counted 44 have
covered 169 have decided
447 have deduced 53
have defeated 54 have
defined 650 have derived
220 have desired 53
have devoted 252 have
divided 475 have doubled
65 have drifted 42
have dropped 254 have
elected 157 have emerged
323 have enabled 95
have enacted 100 have
enjoyed 1295 have ensured
67 have entered 317
have equated 106 have
escaped 693 have evinced
165 have evolved 643
have excited 119 have
exerted 110 have existed
357 have favored 3780
have featured 53 have
figured 41 have focused
4999 have founded 73
have frowned 89 have
glossed 95 have granted
200 have grouped 76
have handled 97 have
hitherto 96 have honored
41 have ignored 4560
have impeded 46 have
implied 306 have imposed
238 have imputed 45
have induced 108 have
invoked 109 have labeled
53 have leveled 47
have liberal 48 have
limited 2714 have located
107 have lowered 110
have managed 909 have
married 100 have matched
51 have measured 315
have misused 56 have
noticed 550 have offered
423 have omitted 751
have opposed 1471 have
ordered 76 have painted
102 have pointed 403
have posited 56 have
praised 302 have preached
72 have pressed 43
have pursued 617 have
quicker 50 have rallied
64 have realized 272
have reasoned 109 have
receded 47 have reduced
661 have refused 1933
have related 232 have
removed 108 have repeated
76 have replied 112
have resided 128 have
retired 83 have revealed
612 have rounded 111
have secured 136 have
settled 358 have several
166 have shifted 258
have shorter 67 have
shunned 172 have similar
1127 have smaller 223
have started 355 have
steered 185 have stopped
326 have striven 175
have stronger 62 have
studied 355 have superior
85 have tracked 121
have trended 67 have
trusted 65 have uniform
42 have visited 73
have weakened 117 have
widened 48 have withheld
63 have written 738
have yielded 1191 have
adverse 61 have anxiety
106 have between 140
have billions 104 have
capital 60 have certain
185 have complex 222
have concern 375 have
current 47 have debates
113 have demands 167
have diverse 93 have
efforts 53 have endless
88 have extreme 53
have foreign 151 have
friction 179 have general
40 have immense 107
have increasing 358 have
intense 701 have limited
47 have massive 202
have meaningful 40 have
millions 226 have national
90 have popular 74
have profits 131 have
promising 139 have regional
42 have renewed 362
have research 568 have
results 230 have returns
165 have revenue 152
have several 1042 have
similar 516 have studies
49 have support 477
have sympathy 53 have
tensions 191 have violence
70 have volumes 85
have callers 41 have
callers 115 have friends
129 have admired 118
have adopted 53 have
desired 92 have enjoyed
217 have shocked 45
have surveys 48 have
pointed 84 have himself
94 have violence 74
have allowed 1572 have
decided 71 have donated
62 have granted 603
have invited 76 have
offered 258 have accrued
55 have adapted 439
have adopted 1082 have
allowed 259 have altered
424 have appeared 356
have aroused 44 have
arrived 420 have assumed
1838 have blended 76
have blurred 138 have
brought 1724 have carried
41 have climbed 89
have covered 115 have
crowded 50 have decayed
342 have defined 113
have deviated 47 have
devised 63 have divided
75 have drained 89
have drifted 749 have
dropped 601 have emerged
1864 have enabled 95
have entered 399 have
erected 42 have escaped
75 have evolved 4487
have gathered 232 have
imbibed 75 have imposed
101 have increasing 177
have induced 63 have
invaded 93 have limited
150 have lowered 478
have managed 108 have
matured 156 have mounted
58 have painted 47
have petered 46 have
realized 627 have receded
543 have reduced 2997
have refined 218 have
relaxed 468 have removed
896 have resumed 79
have retired 260 have
revealed 291 have ripened
62 have secured 114
have settled 1269 have
shifted 2029 have slipped
345 have started 367
have stepped 61 have
stopped 139 have subdued
50 have swelled 53
have tapered 42 have
trained 119 have usurped
238 have weakened 400
have widened 322 have
withered 281 have yielded
526 have college 244
have several 43 have
features 47 have figures
65 have planets 241
have escapes 102 have
parties 53 have printed
128 have although 42
have effects 149 have
control 50 have pointed
54 have because 1586
have between 3215 have
himself 44 have opinions
74 have utility 45
have crystal 67 have
extending 53 have involving
43 have similar 130
have written 73 have
members 97 have records
43 have devoted 55
have incomes 2066 have
members 274 have mankind
69 have herself 86
have himself 123 have
written 50 have systems
106 have effects 174
have ability 55 have
alleles 188 have amounts
149 have answers 67
have antigen 100 have
average 590 have balance
44 have behavior 244
have beliefs 248 have
biologic 47 have capital
114 have charges 187
have columns 84 have
content 636 have control
156 have crystal 120
have current 102 have
customs 50 have degrees
99 have demands 153
have density 54 have
designs 103 have desires
45 have domains 75
have dynamic 41 have
effects 2078 have elastic
72 have entries 197
have failure 68 have
features 417 have fitness
113 have formats 275
have function 63 have
genetic 1079 have genomes
162 have geometry 102
have heights 55 have
impacts 80 have incomes
361 have kinetic 98
have language 58 have
lattice 110 have layouts
79 have letters 50
have lexical 68 have
logical 81 have material
205 have maximum 81
have measures 74 have
members 67 have minimum
61 have moments 41
have motives 47 have
national 68 have natural
56 have network 87
have numbers 447 have
objects 46 have operating
308 have opinions 132
have optical 107 have
origins 68 have osmotic
59 have outputs 141
have overall 158 have
payoffs 105 have plumage
68 have present 59
have primary 181 have
protein 59 have quality
66 have quantum 587
have radiation 42 have
reactions 139 have records
116 have results 444
have returns 55 have
service 101 have sources
46 have species 53
have spectra 405 have
spellings 72 have strengths
73 have surface 288
have symbols 53 have
systems 188 have thoughts
73 have utility 1619
have variable 143 have
variance 147 have voltage
176 have volumes 93
have weights 228 have
welfare 42 have features
52 have numbers 172
have crossed 175 have
entered 529 have settled
52 have friends 679
have enjoyed 339 have
widened 113 have parents
177 have herself 63
have himself 91 have
animals 80 have himself
57 have rabbits 51
have thoughts 63 have
control 205 have flowers
138 have america 45
have assumed 76 have
repealed 93 have adverse
307 have aesthetic 81
have affairs 163 have
affects 82 have amounts
57 have applied 116
have aspects 183 have
biologic 142 have careers
96 have central 62
have choices 231 have
civilian 50 have clients
54 have control 94
have decision 58 have
defects 67 have defense
42 have details 64
have dynamic 130 have
effects 34337 have european
43 have factors 46
have features 948 have
federal 64 have fitness
143 have foreign 458
have friends 280 have
function 78 have general
589 have genetic 392
have impacts 3080 have
lessons 1038 have letters
121 have marketing 126
have markets 98 have
material 533 have matters
1193 have medical 616
have mineral 123 have
missions 71 have modifying
238 have musical 57
have national 272 have
natural 292 have objects
69 have offices 134
have official 44 have
opinions 57 have payoffs
89 have planets 130
have private 70 have
psychic 52 have reactions
171 have regional 320
have relation 107 have
research 260 have results
2468 have secrets 156
have sections 71 have
sensory 68 have service
49 have signaling 53
have sources 126 have
stories 189 have strengths
171 have support 68
have thematic 61 have
thoughts 58 have utility
67 have virtues 71
have welfare 221 have
anybody 152 have british
51 have certain 98
have critics 69 have
foreign 77 have general
58 have herself 40
have himself 343 have
mankind 41 have napoleon
78 have several 57
have strongly 47 have
western 105 have strongly
91 have objects 72
have effects 703 have
schemes 84 have systems
65 have amounts 105
have answers 115 have
beliefs 162 have adapted
125 have adopted 1910
have adverse 48 have
aligned 61 have allowed
202 have altered 51
have appealed 94 have
appeared 388 have applied
279 have aspired 44
have assumed 1867 have
avoided 60 have blurred
324 have brought 417
have carried 58 have
claimed 162 have complex
272 have decided 61
have defined 222 have
devoted 244 have diverse
78 have divided 116
have emerged 244 have
enabled 102 have enjoyed
63 have entered 1001
have evolved 77 have
exerted 58 have exposed
84 have favored 542
have featured 133 have
figured 43 have focused
3080 have granted 61
have ignored 124 have
imposed 205 have invaded
49 have invoked 109
have limited 674 have
located 80 have managed
50 have noticed 60
have offered 178 have
opposed 76 have plagued
64 have pointed 302
have pressed 127 have
pursued 191 have realized
778 have reduced 121
have refined 120 have
refused 167 have removed
71 have revealed 188
have settled 65 have
shifted 897 have shunned
53 have similar 134
have smaller 102 have
spilled 44 have started
260 have stepped 121
have stronger 47 have
studied 184 have usurped
47 have widened 71
have yielded 60 have
diseases 189 have altered
48 have stained 96
have stamped 470 have
written 69 have against
45 have average 57
have because 191 have
becomes 41 have between
396 have briefly 1066
have broadly 60 have
certain 815 have concern
206 have effects 41
have exactly 83 have
extreme 50 have failure
72 have general 156
have however 100 have
increasing 136 have limited
114 have minimal 55
have plainly 156 have
promising 188 have reduced
98 have regarding 51
have results 42 have
roughly 86 have several
1435 have similar 540
have sources 83 have
strongly 130 have success
136 have superior 68
have support 367 have
sympathy 50 have towards
49 have weakness 69
have effects 78 have
grounds 89 have support
49 have freedom 68
have hygiene 68 have
schools 92 have sections
72 have sectors 40
have utility 43 have
workers 80 have demands
430 have diseases 640
have between 52 have
capital 143 have extreme
51 have himself 45
have immense 77 have
massive 45 have several
54 have similar 43
have suffering 308 have
summary 195 have torture
123 have violence 74
have because 713 have
outside 524 have america
138 have britain 57
have certain 52 have
ireland 45 have northern
49 have planets 96
have shallow 65 have
southern 72 have according
50 have america 128
have because 91 have
british 155 have certain
1038 have colonial 57
have defects 82 have
diseases 59 have equally
57 have estates 46
have eternal 77 have
everything 596 have exactly
40 have features 58
have genetic 118 have
largely 48 have material
61 have millions 67
have nervous 49 have
several 189 have similar
140 have spanish 48
have superior 51 have
together 60 have weakness
49 have certain 40
have efforts 66 have
research 95 have against
51 have physics 41
have desires 73 have
manners 42 have everything
50 have several 142
have sixteen 66 have
cameras 101 have central
61 have certain 49
have devices 109 have
everything 52 have exchange
75 have filtering 50
have filters 69 have
herself 79 have himself
254 have outlook 120
have private 88 have
service 70 have several
213 have similar 130
have systems 332 have
windows 1752 have wherein
64 have appeared 52
have availed 59 have
brought 112 have decided
105 have dropped 54
have expired 107 have
exposed 97 have floated
83 have granted 65
have grasped 67 have
guessed 122 have marched
53 have noticed 52
have ordered 54 have
pursued 59 have realized
80 have refused 118
have removed 65 have
replied 72 have retired
96 have screamed 114
have stopped 233 have
handles 222 have himself
93 have between 49
have against 1361 have
because 90 have company
48 have features 115
have schemes 49 have
between 126 have because
94 have debated 189
have desired 59 have
enjoyed 55 have studied
120 have contact 120
have towards 63 have
effects 160 have answers
59 have aspects 80
have behavior 51 have
careers 121 have content
171 have designs 53
have details 207 have
effects 719 have features
630 have friends 146
have hobbies 140 have
legends 40 have letters
46 have material 196
have opinions 52 have
optical 144 have origins
238 have records 91
have results 480 have
stories 966 have thoughts
78 have adverse 423
have because 289 have
besides 96 have depending
40 have deserving 40
have extending 42 have
opposed 386 have outside
3659 have peculiar 85
have related 51 have
similar 718 have effects
42 have between 211
have several 51 have
designs 137 have systems
62 have against 420
have mankind 106 have
aesthetic 80 have content
64 have defects 76
have dignity 265 have
effects 48 have features
102 have muscles 48
have natures 100 have
protein 84 have rewards
54 have signals 68
have utility 48 have
thoughts 360 have himself
69 have insight 79
have adhered 1019 have
adopted 364 have advised
56 have annexed 41
have appealed 75 have
appeared 204 have applied
83 have aroused 65
have assumed 261 have
avoided 57 have behaved
44 have belonged 45
have brought 242 have
carried 141 have claimed
151 have decided 66
have derived 107 have
emerged 54 have enjoyed
85 have escaped 42
have evinced 45 have
existed 65 have focused
150 have ignored 96
have noticed 367 have
offered 87 have opposed
214 have pointed 165
have pursued 298 have
reduced 46 have refused
513 have replied 255
have retired 47 have
revealed 97 have settled
51 have started 62
have striven 52 have
written 117 have yielded
132 have against 2386
have control 146 have
friends 78 have beliefs
269 have numbers 57
have thoughts 120 have
borders 780 have features
57 have flowers 159
have incomes 58 have
margins 742 have numbers
42 have patches 93
have plurals 563 have
present 119 have spellings
213 have surface 64
have vaginal 52 have
ditches 48 have systems
159 have between 51
have eastward 55 have
together 973 have towards
117 have against 141
have adopted 94 have
noticed 118 have beliefs
662 have certain 68
have congress 163 have
despair 96 have everything
125 have federal 51
have herself 136 have
himself 1335 have jackson
42 have refusal 101
have slavery 121 have
summary 44 have violence
66 have similar 71
have because 267 have
carried 159 have derived
77 have regarding 983
have related 109 have
superior 81 have devices
42 have because 251
have forever 40 have
ability 695 have abortion
672 have certain 41
have marriage 54 have
slavery 77 have allowed
97 have applied 76
have availed 57 have
endowed 70 have granted
88 have herself 78
have himself 371 have
mankind 75 have millions
49 have between 94
have exceeding 50 have
measured 207 have shorter
81 have amounts 50
have adopted 50 have
altered 67 have billions
47 have brought 176
have carried 84 have
covered 112 have crossed
45 have doubled 51
have dragged 47 have
dropped 85 have entered
187 have everything 43
have flooded 73 have
invaded 60 have knocked
42 have millions 358
have nowhere 77 have
squealed 76 have starved
234 have stepped 40
have stopped 58 have
swarmed 181 have watched
47 have written 107
have against 55 have
effects 150 have assumed
84 have deduced 72
have effects 42 have
letters 129 have careers
58 have results 48
have vessels 65 have
capable 42 have clients
61 have appeared 208
have induced 69 have
effects 152 have features
67 have winters 43
have ability 138 have
control 178 have licensing
63 have minimum 236
have recycling 82 have
reporting 1536 have screening
99 have against 52
have effects 55 have
results 44 have virtues
62 have hancock 44
have reduced 106 have
adverse 59 have altered
2913 have breached 80
have checked 60 have
damaged 187 have delayed
65 have impeded 121
have injured 930 have
limited 53 have lowered
105 have reduced 2929
have weakened 289 have
profits 112 have utility
68 have amounts 240
have effects 1531 have
impacts 157 have outputs
48 have results 443
have reduced 63 have
effects 209 have virtues
758 have against 176
have suicide 46 have
tacitus 106 have certain
77 have everything 83
have several 63 have
defects 41 have effects
331 have pathways 116
have systems 43 have
exchange 93 have outlook
432 have project 251
have windows 994 have
against 9155 have strongly
108 have against 1409
have damages 176 have
against 564 have millions
48 have popular 60
have support 198 have
volumes 60 have weights
10429 have arranged 97
have flashes 44 have
effects 350 have results
392 have secrets 81
have erected 265 have
everything 66 have himself
54 have certain 69
have congress 54 have
efforts 78 have farmers
54 have research 212
have several 302 have
studies 55 have workers
43 have peculiar 138
have effects 87 have
thoughts 131 have himself
74 have origins 52
have content 240 have
support 52 have adapted
90 have adopted 285
have altered 83 have
appealed 122 have appeared
142 have applied 73
have aroused 283 have
arrived 55 have assumed
609 have availed 73
have avoided 57 have
belonged 51 have bereaved
75 have brought 604
have carried 126 have
claimed 83 have derived
68 have desired 151
have devoted 155 have
divided 79 have drifted
79 have emerged 153
have enjoyed 56 have
entered 139 have evolved
510 have excited 579
have exerted 90 have
favored 158 have focused
415 have gathered 116
have grouped 42 have
imbibed 86 have induced
118 have limited 153
have occurring 1220 have
omitted 56 have opposed
80 have pointed 104
have pursued 44 have
reduced 68 have refused
50 have settled 57
have started 66 have
stronger 68 have studied
136 have superior 80
have watched 42 have
written 50 have yielded
43 have between 59
have buttons 78 have
systems 42 have material
46 have medical 54
have occasion 146 have
repairs 136 have answering
165 have baptism 56
have because 191 have
certain 440 have effects
151 have everything 242
have friction 121 have
himself 74 have history
59 have hitherto 93
have matters 78 have
radiation 42 have religion
167 have research 85
have science 63 have
several 223 have totally
72 have between 114
have certain 46 have
clauses 62 have several
116 have similar 99
have treaties 127 have
clippings 324 have reports
92 have century 51
have orgasms 79 have
adopted 95 have general
101 have himself 55
have members 117 have
persons 42 have effects
95 have solution 41
have aspects 43 have
content 373 have effects
83 have effects 65
have effects 1299 have
impacts 89 have results
61 have altered 77
have reduced 154 have
shorter 43 have smaller
51 have passions 53
have answers 55 have
control 59 have measures
40 have results 63
have weights 41 have
scanted 241 have against
201 have answers 133
have aspects 58 have
content 244 have criteria
416 have effects 109
have features 50 have
function 68 have grounds
125 have measures 248
have support 53 have
himself 149 have present
410 have thoughts 342
have affairs 67 have
arrests 202 have attacks
362 have contact 327
have dinners 52 have
flashes 209 have lessons
45 have letters 44
have moments 260 have
notices 71 have parties
57 have records 48
have remarks 85 have
reports 57 have showers
78 have success 56
have thoughts 103 have
touches 59 have trouble
153 have utility 46
have against 45 have
between 82 have captain
54 have certain 76
have comment 192 have
concern 53 have defects
44 have endless 85
have general 60 have
immense 63 have instant
76 have intense 72
have jealousy 46 have
material 84 have several
161 have similar 129
have trouble 84 have
unusual 43 have numbers
68 have adopted 810
have advised 60 have
applied 86 have arrived
62 have decided 81
have defined 51 have
entered 185 have retired
108 have started 91
have visited 64 have
according 57 have carried
46 have defined 40
have outside 101 have
overseas 117 have research
50 have similar 46
have members 51 have
parties 403 have mankind
111 have papists 122
have according 54 have
against 527 have capital
44 have central 64
have certain 59 have
classes 310 have counter
129 have courses 273
have efforts 112 have
everything 271 have locally
53 have marches 65
have massive 76 have
material 49 have measures
52 have medical 73
have national 230 have
nervous 50 have outside
86 have parties 79
have private 69 have
protest 80 have rallies
92 have regional 82
have regular 145 have
religion 50 have research
420 have schools 175
have sections 41 have
sessions 45 have several
602 have similar 250
have society 339 have
strikes 135 have student
74 have support 251
have systems 135 have
together 170 have victory
238 have workers 140
have columns 54 have
defects 43 have surgery
45 have adopted 196
have arrived 108 have
brought 232 have carried
83 have decided 47
have derived 98 have
enjoyed 103 have entered
42 have evolved 64
have gathered 45 have
honored 63 have imposed
47 have largely 44
have noticed 167 have
pointed 45 have studied
53 have visited 96
have written 77 have
several 119 have believe
129 have ability 331
have abrasion 47 have
adhesion 50 have athletic
46 have capital 53
have careers 64 have
features 118 have musical
41 have national 53
have natural 75 have
quality 100 have records
384 have research 50
have results 87 have
success 119 have talents
113 have teachers 44
have himself 60 have
lucifer 40 have content
120 have domains 116
have effects 199 have
features 416 have function
55 have members 64
have service 50 have
spectra 95 have spheres
58 have herself 98
have himself 158 have
african 44 have america
44 have britain 132
have british 40 have
certain 50 have himself
44 have mankind 109
have several 40 have
western 41 have empires
41 have everything 92
have control 59 have
climbed 73 have gathered
58 have realized 78
have outside 155 have
removed 100 have diseases
45 have between 78
have together 56 have
natures 48 have allowed
124 have endured 44
have watched 56 have
effects 264 have allowed
161 have awaited 869
have endured 1484 have
gathered 42 have labored
51 have pointed 45
have pursued 64 have
searched 50 have studied
198 have watched 164
have wrought 100 have
himself 50 have enjoyed
44 have pursued 126
have settled 70 have
adapted 53 have enjoyed
43 have favored 250
have limited 45 have
written 103 have imposed
82 have insight 61
have between 224 have
certain 189 have control
120 have herself 96
have himself 313 have
several 40 have similar
46 have himself 191
have oneself 55 have
several 51 have society
86 have systems 50
have adapted 40 have
aligned 60 have arranged
93 have charmed 117
have defined 55 have
divined 54 have elastic
123 have escaped 52
have grasped 48 have
imbibed 52 have logical
57 have matched 132
have natural 132 have
ordered 109 have rational
98 have realized 66
have regular 163 have
reliable 65 have scalded
110 have uniform 57
have according 194 have
against 205 have because
103 have between 106
have careful 139 have
certain 927 have eminent
130 have equally 457
have everything 89 have
exactly 210 have faithful
47 have fellatio 152
have genetic 47 have
himself 281 have kinetic
56 have limited 65
have marvels 90 have
neutron 64 have notable
100 have optical 47
have outside 165 have
penance 380 have quantum
62 have regular 52
have related 53 have
reliably 98 have repeated
51 have research 256
have rituals 141 have
routine 67 have service
456 have several 2140
have similar 2026 have
strongly 105 have studies
685 have surgery 195
have together 592 have
towards 112 have unusual
53 have voyages 70
have wonders 1468 have
attacks 221 have medical
48 have returns 57
have reunions 42 have
adverse 74 have buildings
146 have central 43
have contact 90 have
control 214 have custody
156 have dipoles 416
have dwellings 215 have
effects 5481 have enemies
59 have friends 186
have magnets 224 have
members 69 have missions
67 have moments 61
have offices 389 have
records 144 have research
54 have results 363
have stations 57 have
storage 75 have success
148 have surface 212
have granted 133 have
abortion 109 have anybody
44 have between 64
have britain 43 have
british 50 have capital
44 have captain 59
have catholic 95 have
certain 412 have chinese
76 have congress 189
have counsel 75 have
cruelty 60 have defense
44 have divorce 143
have doctors 59 have
experts 64 have farmers
86 have federal 138
have foreign 243 have
freedom 105 have general
124 have germany 100
have herself 1102 have
himself 5017 have increasing
53 have judicial 49
have lawyers 53 have
limited 233 have marriage
56 have members 123
have millions 63 have
napoleon 48 have national
61 have parents 112
have parties 48 have
passage 40 have payment
42 have persons 153
have precise 51 have
private 315 have removal
63 have research 47
have service 78 have
several 158 have similar
89 have slavery 196
have smaller 46 have
studies 91 have violence
68 have western 95
have workers 70 have
effects 860 have results
106 have duration 193
have occasion 122 have
critics 41 have mankind
133 have against 131
have although 44 have
because 4667 have between
684 have despite 2912
have following 108 have
largely 248 have locally
60 have regarding 70
have strongly 96 have
together 93 have capable
126 have familiar 93
have offices 196 have
records 46 have skilled
44 have trained 782
have aguilar 89 have
anybody 56 have beauties
63 have certain 55
have charles 129 have
congress 417 have farmers
42 have general 109
have herself 1111 have
himself 5290 have members
44 have millions 76
have numbers 95 have
oneself 48 have several
197 have society 50
have effects 49 have
material 145 have himself
111 have effects 1115
have impacts 69 have
justice 134 have against
685 have congress 515
have offices 273 have
systems 2475 have answers
58 have excuses 54
have grounds 175 have
claimed 84 have dinners
61 have material 50
have natural 78 have
because 46 have avoided
41 have ignored 73
have refused 66 have
berries 63 have effects
214 have ability 106
have agendas 399 have
ambition 133 have aspects
578 have beliefs 170
have capital 76 have
careers 79 have content
1454 have control 1059
have courage 65 have
debates 70 have demands
56 have designs 67
have dominion 85 have
economy 135 have effects
2492 have enemies 213
have factors 43 have
freedom 2083 have friends
130 have impacts 88
have insight 47 have
liberty 330 have masters
54 have motives 468
have objects 152 have
opinions 1062 have origins
165 have parties 2064
have passions 97 have
payoffs 42 have potency
51 have priority 64
have reforms 43 have
results 196 have science
116 have success 93
have support 615 have
systems 574 have theorists
49 have thoughts 70
have utility 128 have
ushered 90 have elected
236 have between 93
have control 195 have
density 201 have figures
265 have painted 215
have african 56 have
america 62 have herself
70 have himself 249
have herself 97 have
himself 358 have between
64 have certain 657
have courage 74 have
estates 53 have everything
72 have exactly 65
have features 64 have
genuine 78 have herself
148 have himself 1878
have immense 125 have
insight 157 have language
51 have letters 44
have magical 201 have
natural 82 have peculiar
260 have poetical 59
have regarding 63 have
several 346 have similar
291 have stronger 56
have superior 174 have
talents 284 have unaided
40 have unusual 382
have virtues 41 have
written 41 have believe
349 have answering 169
have everything 96 have
marriage 357 have payment
79 have receiving 98
have ability 75 have
answers 48 have aspects
85 have benefit 76
have control 250 have
effects 917 have impacts
51 have lessons 51
have matters 49 have
payoffs 42 have purpose
45 have results 809
have utility 1527 have
abortion 44 have against
131 have certain 107
have everything 60 have
several 160 have similar
107 have slavery 84
have sorcery 91 have
surgery 63 have together
172 have effects 67
have utility 58 have
signals 51 have because
174 have defined 2459
have matched 45 have
measured 116 have reduced
80 have similar 525
have certain 40 have
forever 61 have himself
146 have judicial 43
have success 55 have
summary 57 have puberty
163 have because 164
have certain 63 have
effects 52 have everything
71 have exactly 205
have failure 184 have
germany 45 have results
47 have several 109
have similar 60 have
success 177 have trouble
85 have victory 46
have chronic 79 have
diabetes 48 have medical
275 have against 493
have alliance 45 have
america 46 have ancient
50 have attacking 81
have attending 49 have
barbara 42 have because
244 have britain 61
have british 261 have
certain 198 have charges
209 have charles 95
have chinese 93 have
company 55 have confining
49 have employing 47
have everything 56 have
executing 41 have following
200 have foreign 114
have freedom 142 have
general 179 have germany
69 have halifax 59
have herself 59 have
himself 144 have jupiter
56 have justice 69
have listening 107 have
marriage 113 have national
53 have noonday 75
have obtaining 54 have
payment 46 have peaceful
75 have perhaps 48
have perishing 43 have
position 59 have poverty
72 have privacy 81
have private 150 have
receiving 122 have regular
60 have remaining 1050
have retaining 201 have
returning 122 have richard
41 have service 86
have several 66 have
shorter 68 have silence
526 have smaller 103
have stronger 258 have
success 73 have suicide
85 have traveling 51
have turkish 41 have
victory 58 have violence
58 have western 94
have against 796 have
closure 49 have infants
87 have rupture 82
have against 195 have
applies 45 have aspects
115 have assumes 45
have average 40 have
because 102 have between
43 have briefly 372
have certain 784 have
complex 65 have criteria
93 have current 74
have demands 210 have
details 254 have differing
81 have diverse 44
have equally 63 have
everything 85 have exactly
102 have extreme 43
have features 119 have
figures 212 have general
241 have herself 547
have himself 3612 have
history 48 have hitherto
41 have immense 84
have implies 46 have
kinetic 64 have letters
61 have limited 102
have mankind 43 have
material 959 have matters
64 have measures 62
have napoleon 44 have
natural 54 have peculiar
95 have perhaps 82
have portions 167 have
provide 100 have regarding
138 have related 46
have reports 176 have
research 668 have results
1983 have reviews 200
have samples 41 have
schemes 44 have seemingly
47 have several 3388
have similar 1237 have
society 51 have stories
51 have strongly 51
have studies 224 have
suggest 303 have summary
48 have support 132
have systems 48 have
thorough 54 have together
52 have typical 67
have unusual 117 have
versions 147 have written
59 have occasion 81
have settled 80 have
written 55 have african
41 have against 103
have ancient 275 have
archaic 90 have aspects
65 have certain 607
have customs 69 have
details 52 have drifted
42 have everything 366
have features 102 have
freedom 185 have genuine
50 have germany 47
have harmony 60 have
herself 44 have himself
429 have hitherto 47
have legends 50 have
letters 65 have material
47 have national 51
have organic 70 have
perfect 45 have portions
106 have records 324
have remains 74 have
several 645 have silence
245 have similar 68
have slavery 73 have
society 42 have stories
45 have written 60
have clinton 124 have
johnson 99 have kennedy
150 have lincoln 99
have congress 135 have
everything 41 have illness
44 have against 6152
have because 840 have
between 1323 have chiefly
83 have despite 187
have equally 57 have
hitherto 617 have largely
108 have regarding 285
have towards 44 have
adoption 58 have african
79 have america 61
have anybody 75 have
attacks 50 have britain
190 have british 285
have capital 71 have
captain 46 have certain
383 have charles 102
have chinese 63 have
colonel 84 have congress
230 have contact 71
have critics 61 have
doctors 62 have european
123 have everything 124
have failure 80 have
farmers 102 have federal
67 have foreign 197
have general 301 have
germany 293 have herself
123 have himself 357
have hitherto 77 have
johnson 57 have lazarus
101 have mankind 76
have marriage 61 have
massive 48 have matters
44 have meaningful 58
have members 124 have
millions 147 have napoleon
160 have national 53
have natural 66 have
parents 57 have passage
150 have perfect 53
have persons 122 have
poverty 57 have present
47 have previous 50
have private 147 have
radical 52 have research
50 have service 155
have several 356 have
similar 160 have slavery
59 have success 169
have teachers 47 have
trouble 123 have violence
124 have western 44
have workers 90 have
aborted 47 have accrued
103 have adapted 52
have adduced 110 have
adhered 57 have admired
60 have adopted 787
have advised 294 have
allowed 336 have alluded
7882 have annexed 50
have appealed 72 have
appeared 7995 have applied
1025 have arranged 464
have arrived 292 have
assumed 2713 have assured
118 have audited 67
have avoided 417 have
behaved 60 have belonged
435 have blocked 46
have briefly 57 have
brought 337 have carried
456 have charged 99
have checked 155 have
claimed 405 have classed
51 have covered 382
have crossed 147 have
damaged 54 have decided
1012 have deduced 74
have defined 3251 have
deleted 50 have denoted
145 have derived 326
have desired 69 have
devised 67 have devoted
181 have divided 169
have doubted 65 have
dropped 94 have elected
143 have emerged 100
have enabled 79 have
enacted 102 have endured
115 have enjoyed 1358
have entered 1221 have
escaped 555 have evolved
82 have excited 224
have exerted 45 have
existed 4634 have expired
51 have exposed 110
have favored 87 have
figured 88 have focused
308 have gathered 140
have glanced 94 have
granted 204 have handled
351 have ignored 525
have imbibed 64 have
implied 287 have imposed
85 have invaded 49
have invoked 63 have
labeled 201 have labored
47 have likened 41
have limited 322 have
located 105 have managed
155 have married 79
have measured 301 have
noticed 2496 have offered
389 have omitted 61
have opposed 107 have
ordered 142 have perused
63 have pitched 44
have planned 135 have
pledged 44 have pointed
15690 have printed 89
have pursued 164 have
realized 298 have reasoned
45 have reduced 89
have refused 448 have
related 937 have released
45 have removed 232
have resided 394 have
retired 46 have revealed
135 have scorned 44
have searched 66 have
secured 491 have settled
184 have shunned 46
have slipped 40 have
smitten 56 have sounded
102 have started 91
have stopped 75 have
studied 7338 have tackled
43 have touched 577
have trained 188 have
trusted 56 have unknown
66 have violated 143
have visited 1106 have
watched 49 have weighed
67 have written 3914
have yielded 130 have
adopted 47 have aesthetic
54 have applied 77
have assumed 59 have
defined 45 have devoted
56 have emerged 53
have evolved 102 have
focused 3738 have related
65 have studied 263
have written 60 have
features 66 have quantum
86 have cleavage 40
have advised 67 have
arrived 62 have assured
97 have decided 143
have married 134 have
printed 333 have visited
65 have written 43
have against 90 have
manuals 58 have according
952 have against 2976
have because 41 have
between 45 have chiefly
109 have despite 60
have eastward 74 have
equally 66 have exactly
190 have farthest 247
have forthwith 267 have
forward 49 have furthest
287 have happily 43
have hitherto 447 have
largely 276 have legally
130 have onwards 153
have perhaps 72 have
quickly 100 have quietly
119 have rapidly 672
have several 82 have
smoothly 737 have steadily
221 have together 323
have towards 521 have
against 52 have brought
59 have extending 257
have numbers 47 have
carried 66 have control
83 have figures 84
have records 259 have
systems 62 have workers
49 have himself 316
have loyalty 60 have
religion 329 have butcher
80 have betwixt 44
have forward 121 have
himself 222 have outward
101 have several 49
have bellies 57 have
central 110 have effects
243 have features 109
have figures 57 have
lateral 153 have nucleoli
1999 have stamens 59
have himself 64 have
insight 83 have according
40 have amazingly 104
have because 1499 have
despite 179 have equally
109 have largely 66
have steadily 68 have
together 73 have against
711 have america 41
have british 56 have
captain 83 have certain
110 have farmers 57
have herself 476 have
himself 2318 have markets
41 have millions 53
have private 67 have
slavery 73 have society
63 have workers 96
have against 5799 have
because 56 have spelled
52 have against 18888
have because 90 have
lustily 94 have strongly
399 have against 152
have brought 89 have
governing 168 have ordered
50 have regarding 246
have related 48 have
requiring 720 have similar
893 have whereby 151
have avoided 148 have
decided 49 have features
311 have parents 54
have reactions 58 have
against 327 have between
124 have careful 54
have certain 192 have
criteria 98 have details
402 have diagrams 41
have editions 142 have
engravings 41 have everything
108 have fifteen 63
have figures 397 have
general 150 have helpful
89 have himself 102
have indexes 112 have
jointly 84 have journal
46 have leaflets 42
have letters 217 have
manuals 184 have material
962 have memoirs 353
have national 97 have
notices 47 have official
168 have opinions 150
have popular 70 have
portions 61 have position
141 have records 149
have regular 59 have
related 41 have reports
1665 have research 1289
have results 1778 have
reviews 292 have revised
53 have sermons 101
have several 4525 have
similar 995 have spectra
46 have stories 283
have studies 1450 have
surveys 86 have systems
44 have thirteen 53
have together 143 have
versions 94 have volumes
557 have urchins 42
have arterial 188 have
function 288 have arsenic
86 have because 149
have between 147 have
certain 153 have control
40 have diamonds 66
have estates 264 have
everything 126 have foreign
437 have freedom 118
have greatest 261 have
himself 61 have largely
59 have material 69
have millions 68 have
private 175 have product
44 have several 763
have similar 244 have
systems 49 have tickets
513 have shipped 44
have adopted 207 have
allowed 274 have altered
205 have arranged 123
have assumed 66 have
avoided 7371 have blinded
43 have brought 262
have covered 309 have
decided 70 have delayed
848 have devised 57
have devoted 140 have
dropped 47 have entered
77 have focused 112
have ignored 352 have
limited 1186 have omitted
6038 have pointed 57
have reduced 52 have
refused 72 have removed
40 have repeated 96
have started 40 have
steered 43 have stopped
77 have visited 44
have withheld 157 have
written 361 have utility
211 have according 134
have because 145 have
herself 44 have himself
722 have medical 67
have persons 144 have
teachers 378 have therefor
54 have workers 77
have infused 48 have
similar 870 have superior
136 have because 43
have himself 74 have
reports 41 have aspects
98 have certain 167
have everything 197 have
himself 81 have history
63 have marriage 42
have persons 43 have
several 382 have altered
14143 have differing 175
have diverse 47 have
escaped 91 have opposed
77 have reduced 1116
have revised 315 have
shifted 294 have hopkins
41 have decided 115
have deduced 49 have
america 82 have ability
66 have amounts 135
have answers 120 have
beliefs 140 have chances
404 have comfort 61
have contact 72 have
control 495 have default
89 have excuses 72
have freedom 336 have
grounds 23517 have incomes
70 have liberty 77
have motives 46 have
numbers 92 have privacy
58 have profits 48
have quality 84 have
relation 353 have success
284 have support 129
have appeared 68 have
aspired 44 have assumed
410 have assured 42
have avoided 224 have
certain 52 have claimed
106 have correct 42
have counted 91 have
decided 77 have desired
40 have doubted 91
have induced 95 have
precise 134 have realized
51 have regular 64
have reliable 383 have
similar 418 have uniform
159 have control 68
have against 103 have
sharply 64 have strongly
69 have language 275
have capable 93 have
against 59 have millions
58 have everything 52
have several 53 have
similar 82 have stories
121 have wonders 99
have against 645 have
because 299 have control
113 have courage 45
have damages 1282 have
despite 49 have equally
54 have everything 107
have fastest 40 have
following 199 have herself
294 have himself 725
have leisure 45 have
liberty 156 have nominal
50 have perfect 72
have quickly 587 have
rapidly 360 have several
197 have sharply 43
have strongly 110 have
foreign 52 have members
134 have persons 40
have several 82 have
teachers 42 have workers
76 have statues 68
have attacks 1238 have
bladder 46 have febrile
55 have genital 105
have syncope 69 have
thoughts 214 have urinary
691 have success 55
have efforts 69 have
systems 102 have chiefly
1683 have largely 95
have letters 56 have
material 437 have numbers
148 have sections 40
have sources 93 have
anxiety 50 have broader
61 have certain 159
have closely 55 have
concern 171 have current
115 have differing 64
have efforts 58 have
european 42 have general
113 have genuine 163
have increasing 136 have
national 75 have official
118 have popular 166
have regional 51 have
several 80 have similar
130 have society 67
have strongly 57 have
wishful 46 have factors
53 have because 239
have hitherto 222 have
himself 221 have courses
118 have because 50
have following 67 have
adopted 97 have allowed
60 have appeared 743
have applied 215 have
arranged 74 have assumed
94 have brought 166
have carried 149 have
checked 42 have claimed
137 have crossed 61
have devoted 45 have
elected 58 have emerged
92 have enjoyed 61
have entered 100 have
featured 168 have focused
43 have gathered 44
have ignored 71 have
invited 56 have invoked
103 have noticed 45
have occurring 65 have
offered 121 have opposed
141 have pointed 233
have printed 45 have
pursued 158 have recurring
114 have refused 90
have repeated 54 have
resided 62 have revealed
61 have studied 122
have updated 90 have
violated 51 have visited
530 have written 126
have yielded 51 have
everything 66 have markets
52 have marriage 50
have private 55 have
effects 368 have outside
241 have overseas 249
have present 47 have
religion 65 have because
254 have outside 606
have because 43 have
outside 153 have defects
78 have bottoms 73
have handles 57 have
sections 61 have storage
72 have certain 55
have college 56 have
everything 2134 have forever
160 have judaism 45
have marriage 471 have
material 43 have nirvana
47 have pleasure 110
have prelacy 58 have
probate 60 have religion
87 have society 85
have violence 158 have
worldly 568 have accused
405 have adopted 181
have advised 443 have
alleged 122 have allowed
162 have alluded 1478
have altered 157 have
appealed 420 have appeared
593 have applied 635
have arrived 65 have
assumed 136 have assured
2382 have availed 52
have averred 57 have
blocked 117 have boasted
66 have brought 957
have carried 334 have
charged 476 have checked
118 have claimed 1302
have clashed 170 have
counted 68 have covered
51 have cropped 51
have crossed 169 have
damaged 53 have debated
59 have decided 309
have decried 67 have
defeated 128 have defined
128 have delayed 84
have desired 146 have
divided 63 have dropped
47 have elected 58
have emerged 318 have
enabled 64 have enjoyed
54 have entered 174
have erupted 63 have
escaped 74 have evolved
166 have excused 40
have exerted 59 have
exposed 193 have fancied
198 have featured 43
have focused 196 have
granted 77 have honored
45 have ignored 226
have implied 214 have
imposed 42 have induced
99 have invaded 199
have invited 173 have
invoked 319 have managed
68 have marched 40
have measured 286 have
noticed 2172 have occasion
48 have offered 910
have opposed 291 have
ordered 173 have perused
149 have pledged 327
have pointed 19286 have
praised 143 have preached
151 have pressed 337
have ravaged 67 have
reduced 55 have refused
1397 have refuted 57
have removed 331 have
renewed 110 have replied
49 have revealed 373
have revised 95 have
revived 48 have searched
143 have shifted 127
have sounded 77 have
stalled 94 have stopped
53 have studied 191
have touched 246 have
unearthed 150 have uttered
115 have violated 535
have visited 734 have
watched 374 have written
948 have yielded 144
have present 117 have
because 51 have certain
43 have boswell 104
have several 81 have
everything 121 have baptism
54 have captain 162
have certain 104 have
colonel 153 have congress
154 have counsel 53
have federal 89 have
general 581 have payment
84 have removal 41
have service 93 have
several 133 have similar
79 have support 87
have variety 153 have
aspects 46 have everything
47 have several 108
have certain 46 have
closely 556 have mirabeau
43 have present 47
have permits 422 have
permits 46 have strains
46 have strongly 182
have himself 93 have
according 93 have because
268 have equally 136
have exactly 66 have
harshly 44 have heartily
60 have largely 46
have loyally 83 have
quickly 1311 have rapidly
210 have sharply 45
have strongly 388 have
swiftly 95 have willingly
127 have similar 94
have against 564 have
opinions 41 have everything
56 have himself 71
have certain 66 have
chapter 62 have history
239 have several 66
have diseases 69 have
degrees 64 have freedom
104 have kinetic 140
have spectra 59 have
adopted 58 have allowed
64 have applied 127
have assumed 145 have
carried 61 have granted
65 have ignored 132
have invoked 47 have
measured 171 have offered
52 have refused 81
have violated 58 have
applied 54 have crushed
46 have offered 95
have effects 101 have
certain 75 have similar
44 have slavery 65
have upwards 43 have
nodules 42 have offices
134 have systems 75
have america 55 have
anybody 139 have british
57 have carlyle 43
have certain 442 have
clients 133 have colonel
183 have general 179
have germany 69 have
herself 296 have himself
4891 have justice 178
have several 51 have
workers 123 have himself
105 have erected 140
have borders 139 have
margins 272 have flowers
69 have patches 60
have records 44 have
airline 57 have classes
64 have flights 251
have regular 40 have
service 72 have several
78 have margins 152
have herself 70 have
himself 110 have together
44 have warrant 128
have centers 50 have
effects 5044 have emission
47 have impacts 153
have indexes 60 have
markets 69 have schooling
111 have schools 451
have servers 44 have
sources 129 have storage
124 have thickening 181
have function 56 have
genomes 206 have markets
51 have control 56
have defects 56 have
effects 679 have coupons
51 have similar 70
have antennae 161 have
natures 65 have nipples
55 have palates 62
have because 280 have
between 2634 have betwixt
43 have certain 145
have forever 45 have
herself 249 have himself
1192 have ireland 101
have parents 80 have
religion 119 have several
115 have anxiety 849
have between 75 have
similar 107 have numbers
69 have pattern 60
have dollars 62 have
hundred 352 have members
130 have minutes 101
have thousand 224 have
adopted 95 have applied
140 have belonged 56
have elected 295 have
enjoyed 60 have written
70 have pencils 48
have slander 44 have
against 223 have empires
70 have everything 43
have forever 43 have
herself 84 have himself
402 have several 57
have because 51 have
product 55 have windows
61 have adapted 72
have adopted 228 have
adverse 47 have allowed
58 have altered 61
have appeared 58 have
applied 153 have arranged
47 have assumed 127
have avoided 77 have
brought 88 have carried
44 have claimed 108
have complex 172 have
defined 175 have diverse
61 have divided 138
have dropped 43 have
emerged 42 have enjoyed
57 have entered 41
have evolved 163 have
focused 245 have ignored
138 have limited 454
have omitted 68 have
pointed 551 have reduced
277 have refused 134
have revealed 139 have
shifted 87 have striven
50 have studied 128
have written 67 have
yielded 111 have several
54 have admired 86
have adopted 123 have
desired 470 have devoted
47 have enjoyed 56
have entered 68 have
mourned 109 have striven
145 have studied 62
have trusted 44 have
resulting 99 have similar
87 have avoided 51
have managed 64 have
forever 173 have together
58 have devoted 40
have support 67 have
accused 624 have adapted
53 have admired 167
have adopted 1273 have
advised 145 have alarmed
141 have alleged 175
have allowed 2259 have
alluded 84 have altered
229 have appealed 203
have appeared 2623 have
applied 666 have aroused
143 have arranged 113
have arrived 195 have
aspired 57 have assumed
1786 have availed 174
have avoided 187 have
awarded 67 have behaved
250 have belonged 140
have blinded 122 have
blocked 54 have blurred
193 have boasted 45
have bothered 95 have
brought 1309 have carried
1050 have charged 268
have checked 115 have
claimed 1546 have clashed
119 have classed 110
have climbed 43 have
clouded 45 have counted
266 have covered 162
have crossed 196 have
damaged 62 have debated
123 have decided 302
have defeated 68 have
defined 537 have deigned
80 have delayed 98
have deluded 292 have
derived 367 have desired
97 have deviated 148
have devised 46 have
devoted 134 have divided
216 have doubled 52
have doubted 1945 have
dragged 73 have dressed
95 have drifted 45
have dropped 135 have
elapsed 104 have elected
59 have emerged 209
have enabled 145 have
enacted 54 have endured
107 have enjoyed 366
have entered 382 have
equated 92 have erupted
124 have escaped 322
have evinced 90 have
evolved 120 have excited
671 have excused 52
have exerted 204 have
existed 221 have exposed
108 have fancied 3351
have favored 362 have
featured 53 have figured
204 have flashed 40
have focused 289 have
foolish 59 have founded
44 have gathered 127
have glanced 51 have
granted 161 have greeted
82 have grouped 57
have hastily 65 have
however 48 have hurried
45 have ignored 498
have impeded 95 have
implied 664 have imposed
368 have imputed 43
have induced 260 have
injured 57 have invaded
41 have invited 84
have invoked 186 have
jestingly 43 have labeled
69 have laughed 243
have lighted 51 have
likened 165 have limited
472 have lowered 50
have managed 513 have
married 46 have measured
176 have misused 75
have mounted 49 have
naively 46 have noticed
1308 have obliged 158
have occasion 246 have
offered 493 have omitted
333 have opposed 411
have ordered 183 have
painted 262 have perhaps
155 have plagued 44
have pleasant 82 have
plucked 269 have pointed
548 have praised 75
have preached 138 have
pressed 211 have pursued
321 have puzzled 464
have queried 147 have
realized 93 have reasoned
160 have reduced 238
have refused 999 have
related 74 have relaxed
47 have removed 163
have repeated 104 have
replied 108 have rescued
43 have revealed 313
have searched 62 have
secured 277 have seduced
41 have settled 61
have several 69 have
shifted 203 have shocked
117 have similar 47
have slipped 136 have
sneered 47 have sounded
98 have sparked 67
have spoiled 137 have
stalked 51 have started
264 have stepped 65
have stirred 47 have
stopped 220 have strayed
165 have striven 41
have strongly 41 have
studied 93 have tempted
200 have totally 40
have touched 304 have
violated 122 have visited
275 have watched 466
have wavered 59 have
weakened 169 have worried
138 have written 2921
have wrought 198 have
yielded 866 have between
956 have existed 83
have private 71 have
related 80 have written
117 have control 269
have virtues 43 have
efforts 174 have teachers
261 have amounts 46
have certain 340 have
criteria 86 have everything
41 have exactly 129
have general 42 have
maximum 206 have minimum
351 have numbers 54
have several 224 have
remaining 85 have geometry
41 have control 87
have effects 3663 have
beliefs 253 have blessings
101 have comfort 75
have content 169 have
dominion 72 have effects
70 have enemies 47
have freedom 88 have
insight 308 have victory
50 have courses 47
have national 56 have
research 448 have several
293 have similar 86
have studies 181 have
systems 1345 have against
49 have because 52
have effects 360 have
because 120 have against
134 have regarding 79
have similar 45 have
numbers 99 have ladders
47 have printed 137
have control 87 have
language 57 have minimum
115 have sanction 72
have schemes 53 have
support 49 have opposed
326 have refused 73
have effects 170 have
effects 478 have endured
51 have jackson 41
have choices 70 have
control 138 have effects
105 have between 126
have eastward 55 have
forward 45 have herself
48 have himself 345
have towards 54 have
factors 85 have similar
189 have effects 57
have against 8238 have
because 350 have between
110 have bravely 387
have forward 148 have
hardest 66 have together
747 have towards 124
have upwards 55 have
avoided 4811 have brought
71 have guarded 60
have ignored 375 have
omitted 73 have effects
58 have features 79
have certain 72 have
herself 293 have himself
1695 have marriage 43
have several 41 have
because 97 have certain
141 have designs 129
have everything 117 have
figures 50 have herself
154 have himself 1093
have letters 85 have
material 159 have peaceably
69 have quietly 463
have reports 500 have
resumes 52 have samples
88 have schemes 115
have several 289 have
similar 89 have tenders
135 have willingly 140
have written 368 have
effects 89 have ledgers
86 have sources 49
have against 121 have
because 100 have between
3935 have chiefly 205
have hitherto 118 have
largely 155 have together
103 have equation 65
have empires 52 have
royalty 56 have according
407 have against 1498
have although 45 have
amazingly 63 have because
6970 have between 305
have chiefly 63 have
despite 617 have equally
580 have finally 90
have general 154 have
grandly 52 have happily
79 have himself 146
have hitherto 166 have
johnson 49 have largely
267 have notably 97
have nowhere 46 have
peaceably 46 have perhaps
148 have remains 94
have richard 81 have
several 86 have somehow
73 have spenser 52
have together 53 have
totally 54 have because
107 have quickly 91
have adverse 49 have
against 158 have answers
237 have aspects 40
have assigning 41 have
because 351 have benefit
389 have between 592
have briefly 140 have
certain 1908 have combining
232 have comparing 56
have criteria 288 have
details 47 have differing
54 have emerson 55
have employing 69 have
everything 81 have exactly
78 have examining 44
have expanding 83 have
extending 188 have factors
136 have figures 121
have following 263 have
general 127 have genetic
84 have himself 92
have hitherto 196 have
however 138 have include
63 have including 148
have increasing 175 have
limited 109 have marriage
93 have material 97
have maximum 106 have
measures 273 have modifying
138 have obtaining 64
have perhaps 78 have
promising 46 have providing
86 have radical 89
have reduced 81 have
reforms 178 have regarding
127 have regional 58
have removal 40 have
replacing 325 have research
85 have retaining 40
have routine 63 have
schemes 145 have screening
127 have several 5970
have similar 1064 have
sources 81 have strongly
257 have support 51
have systems 42 have
thoughts 104 have utilizing
53 have weakness 47
have systems 65 have
recited 57 have deliver
47 have abortion 62
have african 51 have
against 63 have america
78 have between 87
have britain 100 have
british 77 have buildings
59 have capital 52
have certain 157 have
charles 88 have clinton
44 have columns 66
have congress 47 have
demands 44 have diverse
40 have efforts 473
have european 52 have
everything 62 have fascism
41 have federal 95
have foreign 68 have
forests 56 have freedom
42 have general 230
have germany 53 have
heartily 68 have herself
477 have himself 1541
have jackson 99 have
johnson 99 have kennedy
40 have liberal 82
have limited 58 have
lincoln 67 have massive
54 have measures 282
have medical 40 have
members 40 have millions
45 have national 175
have parties 41 have
previous 62 have private
109 have radical 76
have reforms 48 have
regional 55 have research
612 have schools 96
have senator 53 have
several 404 have similar
216 have slavery 59
have statues 87 have
stephen 44 have stronger
58 have strongly 71
have studies 52 have
teachers 56 have wallace
55 have western 44
have workers 52 have
african 77 have certain
41 have everything 162
have herself 132 have
himself 777 have solomon
48 have anybody 361
have charles 56 have
herself 88 have himself
418 have napoleon 59
have charges 89 have
because 106 have capable
46 have existed 90
have herself 71 have
himself 242 have tacitus
53 have trouble 68
have because 57 have
certain 61 have himself
46 have passive 48
have payment 456 have
systems 58 have regarding
47 have african 59
have against 121 have
because 448 have between
60 have certain 79
have contact 325 have
damages 464 have effects
143 have federal 101
have frontal 47 have
herself 118 have himself
662 have immense 61
have mankind 86 have
massive 124 have material
72 have millions 42
have national 95 have
previous 126 have repeated
118 have several 200
have similar 158 have
success 76 have support
51 have systems 51
have arsenic 124 have
everything 296 have foreign
54 have needles 74
have several 202 have
effects 102 have features
60 have everything 40
have results 43 have
several 50 have avoided
40 have ability 183
have aspects 92 have
control 103 have degrees
193 have details 47
have experts 202 have
features 84 have mastery
42 have schools 143
have support 346 have
offices 149 have ability
44 have answering 179
have contact 473 have
numbers 1204 have service
3042 have systems 302
have because 47 have
cameras 415 have screens
240 have service 42
have stations 437 have
command 65 have control
164 have custody 395
have effects 460 have
storage 61 have success
221 have workers 43
have answers 48 have
located 48 have decimal
83 have society 47
have against 3739 have
because 54 have falsely
1021 have regarding 106
have several 43 have
strongly 85 have towards
87 have regarding 43
have availed 65 have
together 92 have adapted
59 have adhered 50
have adopted 924 have
allowed 57 have altered
134 have appeared 71
have applied 115 have
arranged 52 have arrived
193 have assumed 333
have behaved 42 have
boasted 69 have brought
600 have carried 610
have checked 93 have
chiefly 98 have claimed
89 have counted 59
have covered 50 have
crossed 115 have crowned
80 have decided 318
have defined 282 have
derived 249 have desired
86 have devised 329
have devoted 49 have
dropped 50 have elected
361 have emerged 186
have enacted 135 have
endured 186 have enjoyed
204 have entered 359
have erected 223 have
escaped 181 have evolved
763 have exposed 50
have finally 69 have
founded 60 have gathered
57 have hitherto 92
have imposed 165 have
induced 53 have infringed
42 have invited 69
have invoked 49 have
largely 231 have limited
94 have managed 61
have married 105 have
measured 82 have noticed
91 have offered 167
have painted 346 have
perhaps 50 have planned
43 have pointed 507
have pursued 54 have
quelled 49 have realized
156 have reduced 97
have refused 61 have
related 59 have removed
107 have revealed 130
have secured 46 have
settled 49 have shifted
94 have spawned 75
have started 186 have
stopped 75 have studied
199 have tattooed 431
have trained 140 have
usually 85 have usurped
45 have violated 174
have visited 122 have
whipped 79 have written
1304 have wrought 194
have yielded 92 have
schools 50 have content
95 have grounds 89
have results 42 have
science 54 have support
95 have utility 41
have abjured 63 have
adapted 59 have adopted
128 have alarmed 206
have altered 78 have
aroused 130 have baffled
81 have carried 43
have checked 408 have
cleansed 190 have covered
572 have debased 45
have defeated 49 have
defined 42 have enjoyed
6397 have entered 94
have exposed 181 have
grasped 824 have imbibed
334 have perused 92
have planned 54 have
realized 179 have refuted
95 have revised 546
have ripened 106 have
searched 370 have settled
127 have shocked 46
have spoiled 46 have
studied 3124 have subdued
224 have trained 426
have trusted 42 have
updated 112 have weighed
176 have between 46
have adhered 88 have
adopted 148 have assumed
652 have avoided 101
have devoted 41 have
germany 60 have history
5158 have holland 52
have islamic 148 have
striven 436 have written
50 have control 59
have concord 51 have
success 68 have regular
63 have studied 44
have because 47 have
certain 56 have slavery
164 have herself 73
have himself 122 have
mankind 73 have regarding
62 have effects 140
have moments 82 have
arranged 42 have systems
164 have effects 369
have results 40 have
between 93 have deserts
75 have germany 80
have immense 60 have
portions 40 have several
178 have similar 41
have together 136 have
debates 49 have intense
77 have massive 93
have reactions 45 have
renewed 69 have research
51 have several 84
have similar 96 have
violence 47 have against
273 have because 408
have despite 74 have
together 43 have replied
45 have adopted 397
have allowed 119 have
appealed 57 have appeared
61 have applied 108
have assumed 891 have
avoided 182 have brought
83 have carried 84
have claimed 101 have
covered 49 have defined
276 have devoted 84
have divided 92 have
emerged 170 have enjoyed
150 have entered 88
have evolved 178 have
favored 214 have featured
54 have focused 2542
have gathered 46 have
handled 63 have ignored
431 have imposed 81
have invoked 48 have
limited 187 have located
42 have managed 105
have measured 280 have
offered 189 have opposed
77 have pointed 82
have pursued 89 have
reduced 97 have refused
97 have revealed 100
have started 150 have
studied 277 have written
48 have yielded 174
have consent 505 have
support 490 have himself
260 have freedom 44
have liberty 48 have
respect 121 have support
53 have desires 281
have freedom 52 have
effects 329 have futures
127 have origins 50
have results 120 have
returns 68 have tempers
52 have control 66
have friends 47 have
ancient 266 have between
95 have certain 238
have details 43 have
everything 43 have material
113 have pottery 132
have remains 816 have
several 1002 have similar
295 have behavior 56
have results 52 have
abortion 418 have agonies
45 have anterior 88
have arterial 43 have
atrophy 2023 have balloon
86 have baptism 454
have because 148 have
between 152 have bladder
117 have capital 53
have careful 367 have
carotid 177 have central
79 have certain 2055
have cesarean 117 have
chronic 110 have cleavage
41 have colloid 189
have colonial 44 have
complex 259 have compton
63 have contact 213
have courses 93 have
decades 47 have decided
157 have decline 82
have deletion 151 have
dialysis 154 have differing
41 have diverse 56
have division 358 have
divorce 132 have drastic
1678 have dynamic 123
have elastic 52 have
endless 89 have equally
100 have exactly 98
have exchange 308 have
excision 396 have explain
81 have extreme 538
have fibroid 101 have
fibrous 90 have fifteen
45 have frontal 148
have gastric 427 have
general 156 have genetic
361 have genital 221
have genuine 40 have
gradual 453 have greatest
41 have hepatic 66
have illegal 119 have
immense 268 have increase
43 have increasing 106
have induced 50 have
intense 738 have judicial
89 have language 200
have lateral 84 have
limited 278 have massive
806 have material 1315
have maximum 41 have
medical 186 have mergers
59 have millions 51
have minimal 259 have
mitosis 259 have mutation
1170 have natural 280
have notable 255 have
painful 143 have peculiar
51 have penance 165
have perfect 51 have
perhaps 49 have periodic
274 have plastic 374
have previous 2248 have
primary 257 have protein
47 have radiation 1316
have radical 4108 have
reforms 96 have regional
217 have regular 158
have removal 361 have
repairs 215 have repeated
2441 have research 109
have reviews 89 have
revision 6313 have rotation
119 have routine 49
have screening 89 have
several 4868 have similar
3496 have softening 105
have solution 122 have
somatic 162 have startling
79 have stringent 43
have suffering 143 have
surface 145 have surgery
7432 have thoracic 118
have thorough 427 have
together 121 have torture
364 have unequal 42
have unusual 108 have
urinary 130 have vaginal
47 have variable 59
have variation 43 have
variety 154 have violation
117 have effects 586
have results 78 have
control 108 have loyalty
103 have himself 48
have removed 122 have
charity 45 have pleasure
47 have devotion 56
have passions 80 have
adopted 65 have divided
144 have dragged 40
have existed 53 have
imbibed 55 have adhered
271 have admired 47
have adopted 478 have
advised 76 have allowed
99 have appeared 146
have applied 274 have
aspired 48 have assumed
366 have assured 89
have availed 65 have
avoided 83 have behaved
130 have bounded 141
have brought 122 have
carried 54 have claimed
105 have decided 184
have enjoyed 101 have
evinced 73 have exerted
127 have favored 158
have ignored 79 have
labored 44 have limited
54 have noticed 54
have omitted 51 have
opposed 537 have ordered
87 have pointed 47
have praised 65 have
pursued 337 have refused
782 have replied 171
have smaller 58 have
studied 152 have visited
77 have written 41
have yielded 118 have
aspects 41 have concord
65 have dominion 215
have effects 99 have
features 157 have manhood
49 have primary 138
have service 121 have
support 420 have sympathy
49 have utility 57
have adopted 57 have
violated 49 have ability
160 have amounts 407
have budgets 119 have
capital 221 have choices
218 have coinage 61
have command 208 have
control 505 have courage
45 have creative 70
have desires 119 have
dominion 185 have duration
98 have freedom 2281
have leisure 123 have
liberty 98 have license
114 have natural 55
have numbers 206 have
respect 77 have service
59 have sources 99
have storage 159 have
mislaid 116 have parents
50 have sisters 69
have members 42 have
aspects 47 have effects
491 have features 43
have moments 50 have
reactions 80 have results
411 have thoughts 119
have capital 80 have
everything 57 have adopted
52 have complex 65
have intense 52 have
effects 102 have adopted
222 have allowed 492
have assumed 68 have
brought 206 have carried
56 have derived 49
have drifted 44 have
entered 97 have exposed
87 have ignored 44
have imposed 62 have
infringed 777 have injured
212 have omitted 112
have revealed 271 have
steered 85 have touched
60 have violated 87
have written 50 have
letters 59 have together
72 have gardens 1192
have friends 40 have
columns 140 have differing
46 have adopted 203
have arrived 52 have
assumed 258 have assured
405 have brought 164
have decided 236 have
defined 92 have divided
59 have doubled 361
have dropped 120 have
ensured 106 have equated
62 have escaped 92
have everything 406 have
existed 45 have ignored
2730 have instant 70
have nowhere 88 have
omitted 40 have perfect
109 have pledged 129
have reduced 132 have
refused 60 have removed
368 have repealed 89
have retired 57 have
settled 55 have stopped
793 have usurped 49
have written 100 have
factors 175 have courses
92 have schools 97
have control 180 have
control 2467 have reporting
44 have systems 42
have workers 52 have
between 605 have measured
64 have shorter 394
have similar 45 have
smaller 44 have similar
49 have matters 142
have bathtubs 83 have
secrets 43 have together
121 have effects 134
have adoption 54 have
adverse 69 have effects
3129 have general 42
have impacts 131 have
national 55 have popular
380 have poverty 64
have results 67 have
support 1687 have utility
110 have ignored 95
have infringed 67 have
refused 69 have violated
700 have effects 69
have against 614 have
attacks 107 have battles
42 have behavior 40
have between 325 have
certain 283 have debates
54 have declining 72
have drastic 115 have
efforts 129 have equally
46 have everything 341
have exactly 56 have
extreme 102 have genuine
51 have gradual 40
have himself 155 have
history 87 have hitherto
67 have horrors 62
have immense 108 have
increasing 921 have intense
161 have massive 267
have moments 41 have
notable 142 have nowhere
74 have parents 91
have perhaps 111 have
periodic 52 have persons
64 have radical 174
have regarding 53 have
renewed 155 have repeated
274 have results 40
have several 2880 have
similar 1509 have startling
60 have teachers 68
have together 130 have
tonight 127 have unusual
44 have violence 866
have against 71 have
present 730 have testify
314 have ability 51
have control 133 have
doctors 43 have effects
228 have flowers 45
have friends 630 have
manners 60 have material
45 have moments 84
have natural 41 have
parents 305 have parties
75 have results 181
have stories 446 have
success 80 have talents
44 have teachers 70
have thoughts 52 have
effects 162 have together
87 have opinions 40
have results 70 have
accused 108 have assumed
69 have exacted 229
have invaded 64 have
refused 113 have usurped
60 have withheld 71
having charles 89 having
everything 185 having herself
114 having himself 412
having judaism 52 having
marxism 100 having napoleon
40 having surgery 318
having capital 55 having
private 52 having serfdom
40 having slavery 675
having herself 315 having
himself 1309 having attacks
599 having capital 53
having effects 40 having
features 56 having members
50 having sources 65
having support 83 having
herself 41 having himself
609 having letters 44
having violence 40 having
parents 107 having himself
98 having violated 79
having applied 52 having
escaped 42 having spoiled
53 having belonged 54
having existed 53 having
himself 385 having captain
86 having certain 52
having colonel 80 having
counsel 129 having general
107 having herself 49
having himself 358 having
several 104 having according
57 having between 45
having outside 40 having
several 46 having together
768 having herself 59
having himself 703 having
together 105 having everything
52 having several 197
having suicide 1161 having
similar 60 having towards
43 having general 65
having colonel 46 having
control 46 having several
89 having similar 84
having realized 49 having
effects 749 having results
110 having himself 46
having mankind 59 having
himself 48 having effects
142 having several 45
having trouble 47 having
applied 106 having arranged
209 having avoided 330
having brushed 62 having
checked 151 having cleansed
65 having counted 339
having covered 113 having
defined 94 having guarded
78 having measured 251
having noticed 64 having
perused 424 having planned
200 having removed 447
having revised 158 having
scanned 69 having searched
126 having secured 237
having studied 1927 having
trained 44 having watched
709 having weighed 896
having wrapped 149 having
written 63 having himself
80 having removed 50
having located 41 having
planned 93 having excited
42 having himself 142
having several 51 having
parties 48 having teachers
72 having together 53
having content 45 having
between 45 having everything
108 having herself 73
having himself 92 having
material 115 having several
233 having together 1195
having upwards 130 having
himself 58 having several
42 having silence 343
having between 342 having
himself 191 having treaties
445 having against 183
having assault 47 having
breaches 54 having capital
46 having certain 637
having corrupt 47 having
forgery 353 having heinous
84 having herself 817
having himself 4013 having
illegal 122 having larceny
103 having murders 112
having oneself 262 having
perhaps 42 having perjury
642 having raymond 40
having robbery 214 having
several 604 having similar
140 having suicide 3589
having violence 128 having
members 79 having members
138 having support 43
having teachers 41 having
certain 142 having college
1418 having courses 166
having everything 68 having
fifteen 93 having medical
63 having primary 390
having service 63 having
several 288 having studies
118 having tertiary 47
having thirteen 41 having
himself 124 having certain
49 having himself 40
having herself 40 having
himself 211 having matters
50 having measures 372
having together 46 having
several 50 having treaties
116 having himself 111
having imposed 52 having
peculiar 60 having similar
80 having charles 45
having herself 153 having
himself 1069 having research
199 having several 156
having together 400 having
everything 66 having herself
57 having himself 327
having desires 43 having
emotions 46 having opinions
50 having between 59
having himself 53 having
defects 69 having rubella
69 having himself 460
having america 49 having
babylon 203 having britain
60 having carthage 73
having herself 95 having
himself 145 having ireland
99 having several 79
having chiefly 61 having
against 3940 having together
421 having congress 54
having counsel 53 having
general 53 having several
184 having together 1248
having diseases 550 having
against 110 having himself
544 having trouble 93
having contact 59 having
faithful 76 having several
71 having success 51
having visible 47 having
several 48 having together
124 having several 64
having himself 41 having
herself 603 having himself
3599 having defined 61
having guessed 74 having
effects 61 having against
76 having herself 122
having himself 439 having
offspring 44 having between
40 having herself 399
having himself 2224 having
jackson 62 having mankind
63 having several 145
having vengeance 91 having
between 72 having infants
157 having towards 50
having certain 54 having
herself 47 having himself
206 having perhaps 58
having several 122 having
effects 62 having carthage
58 having certain 41
having everything 687 having
herself 70 having himself
418 having nineveh 50
having several 278 having
vessels 69 having effects
438 having because 48
having between 199 having
certain 200 having language
47 having largely 108
having rapidly 90 having
several 104 having similar
50 having agendas 97
having alleles 332 having
amounts 885 having aspects
222 having average 549
having beliefs 264 having
capital 174 having carrier
106 having centers 111
having central 42 having
channel 51 having charges
239 having classes 196
having colored 185 having
content 259 having control
131 having courses 44
having criteria 129 having
crystal 373 having culture
80 having customs 690
having degrees 4319 having
demands 62 having density
167 having designs 126
having desires 45 having
dialects 92 having diseases
45 having domains 74
having dynamic 42 having
effects 1110 having elastic
215 having emission 56
having exchange 109 having
features 245 having flavors
53 having formats 96
having friends 73 having
genders 77 having general
103 having genetic 234
having heights 196 having
impacts 98 having incomes
110 having indexes 86
having kinetic 189 having
language 125 having lattice
98 having letters 158
having logical 55 having
manners 111 having material
180 having maximum 304
having measures 42 having
members 234 having mineral
57 having minimum 94
having missions 52 having
moments 64 having motives
205 having national 139
having natural 328 having
natures 335 having numbers
2363 having objects 612
having offices 182 having
operating 339 having opinions
644 having optical 311
having origins 732 having
outputs 44 having overall
56 having parents 78
having persons 119 having
pitches 126 having portions
56 having primary 242
having product 85 having
quality 213 having quantum
135 having reactions 101
having results 152 having
schools 43 having seasonal
62 having sections 83
having seismic 86 having
service 102 having solution
47 having sources 273
having species 110 having
spectra 61 having spellings
61 having spheres 152
having strengths 298 having
subject 126 having surface
562 having symbols 66
having systems 410 having
talents 74 having targets
43 having taxable 54
having teachers 217 having
tensions 52 having thoughts
165 having valence 63
having versions 231 having
voltage 72 having volumes
130 having weights 593
having between 56 having
similar 135 having smaller
72 having certain 43
having certain 41 having
matters 148 having several
100 having together 64
having herself 82 having
himself 348 having herself
125 having himself 516
having herself 273 having
himself 1084 having himself
49 having herself 63
having himself 258 having
thoughts 44 having imbibed
67 having awaited 42
having control 1157 having
himself 129 having surgery
207 having content 311
having support 50 having
subject 657 having captain
43 having results 48
having himself 234 having
himself 56 having attacks
61 having arrived 50
having belonged 122 having
decided 198 having dropped
46 having escaped 61
having written 50 having
adhesion 67 having grounds
99 having muskets 40
having quality 51 having
results 233 having schools
45 having success 85
having teachers 65 having
amounts 109 having against
66 having control 747
having dominion 40 having
control 75 having control
55 having himself 88
having everything 306 having
herself 221 having himself
505 having herself 315
having himself 129 having
outside 53 having everything
159 having himself 151
having matters 126 having
certain 48 having concern
167 having herself 285
having himself 2116 having
opinions 201 having similar
131 having support 61
having sympathy 166 having
decided 62 having desired
56 having refused 58
having contact 113 having
grounds 48 having research
40 having surgery 41
having limited 161 having
adhered 59 having carried
162 having history 79
having effects 89 having
results 51 having herself
109 having himself 177
having everything 1053 having
herself 92 having himself
369 having herself 101
having himself 752 having
thoughts 42 having certain
185 having utility 58
having answers 62 having
herself 56 having himself
650 having material 59
having several 83 having
charged 67 having adopted
67 having company 62
having crooked 41 having
decided 51 having similar
189 having smaller 46
having allowed 88 having
granted 192 having adopted
44 having assumed 83
having decayed 135 having
evolved 164 having increasing
60 having receded 40
having reduced 61 having
removed 67 having settled
220 having wrested 101
having college 45 having
himself 95 having escapes
60 having between 89
having incomes 68 having
himself 93 having dressed
40 having because 68
having alleles 236 having
content 41 having effects
57 having features 59
having genetic 151 having
geometry 46 having numbers
52 having quantum 47
having surface 47 having
thoughts 49 having foisted
143 having assumed 42
having entered 138 having
friends 101 having parents
58 having flowers 47
having effects 789 having
foreign 45 having impacts
111 having letters 77
having matters 44 having
results 82 having diseases
288 having certain 40
having several 41 having
suffering 102 having certain
69 having sizable 46
having herself 64 having
himself 287 having himself
49 having adverse 391
having opposed 141 having
outside 295 having similar
158 having between 80
having against 362 having
thoughts 155 having content
59 having against 279
having beliefs 46 having
thoughts 56 having borders
56 having flowers 41
having margins 50 having
beliefs 183 having himself
137 having present 128
having thoughts 47 having
ability 89 having applied
43 having herself 43
having himself 262 having
assumed 61 having altered
106 having injured 93
having reduced 52 having
effects 71 having violence
103 having motives 50
having against 40 having
formula 97 having weights
4310 having gullets 41
having thoughts 55 having
occurring 62 having certain
68 having religion 43
having effects 63 having
himself 57 having thoughts
124 having attacks 91
having several 74 having
adopted 43 having retired
41 having herself 66
having several 52 having
surgery 59 having ability
73 having natural 45
having success 40 having
himself 199 having herself
101 having himself 291
having stooped 40 having
smaller 49 having gathered
40 having awaited 103
having endured 342 having
herself 45 having himself
414 having austere 60
having certain 401 having
everything 43 having illegal
57 having penance 112
having service 73 having
several 591 having similar
83 having wonders 151
having dialysis 46 having
dipoles 84 having dwellings
41 having effects 79
having magnets 135 having
offices 40 having results
40 having captain 52
having certain 50 having
herself 140 having himself
562 having effects 75
having charles 40 having
herself 179 having himself
1106 having several 62
having effects 42 having
justice 106 having against
141 having systems 63
having several 54 having
ambition 57 having company
76 having content 115
having control 138 having
designs 41 having effects
68 having freedom 132
having liberty 51 having
motives 155 having objects
63 having opinions 205
having parties 298 having
support 63 having between
418 having exceeding 71
having painted 88 having
himself 134 having herself
208 having himself 3118
having control 58 having
effects 61 having results
61 having utility 226
having sorcery 47 having
defined 161 having similar
117 having charges 47
having certain 68 having
herself 199 having himself
1848 having several 97
having written 393 having
himself 55 having against
268 having abjured 44
having adapted 51 having
adopted 364 having advised
268 having affixed 46
having allowed 130 having
appeared 809 having applied
475 having arranged 1582
having arrived 333 having
assumed 189 having assured
308 having availed 59
having avoided 42 having
belonged 535 having brought
219 having carried 260
having charged 66 having
checked 72 having claimed
98 having cleansed 79
having covered 254 having
crossed 270 having decided
597 having defeated 104
having defined 207 having
desired 165 having devised
67 having devoted 128
having divided 220 having
doubled 42 having dropped
95 having emptied 95
having enjoyed 425 having
ensured 65 having entered
589 having erected 77
having escaped 237 having
exacted 72 having existed
876 having exposed 47
having figured 40 having
founded 86 having gathered
60 having granted 282
having hoisted 84 having
ignored 67 having imbibed
63 having imposed 51
having induced 64 having
invited 162 having invoked
53 having knocked 60
having labored 49 having
lighted 76 having located
99 having managed 85
having marched 79 having
married 652 having measured
80 having noticed 187
having offered 315 having
opposed 98 having ordered
962 having painted 73
having perused 58 having
planned 75 having planted
45 having pledged 104
having pointed 110 having
preached 94 having pressed
43 having pursued 76
having reduced 165 having
refused 703 having released
69 having removed 1166
having resided 371 having
resumed 48 having retired
467 having secured 2574
having settled 556 having
shifted 43 having shipped
56 having slipped 75
having sounded 51 having
started 58 having stopped
109 having studied 1056
having subdued 41 having
touched 228 having trained
89 having uttered 51
having visited 917 having
vomited 68 having watched
48 having weighed 72
having wrapped 78 having
written 1169 having yielded
46 having quantum 246
having arranged 66 having
married 115 having printed
48 having retired 67
having stirred 52 having
against 268 having hitherto
84 having towards 93
having himself 403 having
himself 62 having nucleoli
72 having herself 47
having himself 169 having
against 128 having against
2290 having similar 43
having against 41 having
certain 218 having reports
59 having several 951
having certain 172 having
estates 54 having several
281 having tickets 113
having allowed 65 having
avoided 102 having brought
50 having delayed 105
having omitted 94 having
according 80 having himself
804 having persons 54
having teachers 62 having
similar 94 having himself
47 having altered 94
having control 48 having
grounds 3216 having relation
204 having success 55
having similar 49 having
uniform 49 having against
43 having damages 45
having herself 343 having
himself 1012 having liberty
147 having several 42
having attacks 131 having
chiefly 416 having herself
116 having himself 1464
having audited 44 having
divided 363 having visited
45 having everything 461
having probate 223 having
worldly 54 having applied
55 having assured 271
having crossed 62 having
defeated 99 having desired
59 having exposed 47
having offered 56 having
pressed 73 having refused
247 having violated 90
having visited 48 having
written 56 having present
51 having captain 42
having unknown 56 having
certain 90 having herself
1337 having himself 12593
having justice 45 having
oneself 82 having himself
95 having effects 94
having schools 74 having
herself 225 having himself
1102 having anxiety 175
having himself 61 having
branded 47 having striven
49 having dropped 41
having written 50 having
between 71 having tonight
47 having teachers 47
having numbers 84 having
effects 46 having enemies
44 having insight 52
having printed 44 having
himself 161 having against
557 having together 65
having avoided 110 having
herself 117 having himself
392 having pleasure 54
having several 40 having
herself 64 having himself
707 having reports 47
having similar 376 having
between 280 having according
60 having against 144
having charles 40 having
colonel 66 having general
502 having several 41
having several 49 having
pointed 47 having deliver
74 having charles 42
having general 47 having
herself 67 having himself
242 having himself 69
having himself 54 having
oneself 139 having payment
125 having damages 51
having herself 69 having
himself 96 having material
75 having several 204
having several 167 having
stronger 40 having numbers
51 having service 167
having cameras 67 having
buildings 63 having custody
115 having against 275
having falsely 108 having
adopted 63 having brought
56 having carried 84
having crossed 79 having
decided 44 having elected
85 having escaped 62
having painted 114 having
perhaps 43 having violated
40 having checked 45
having cleansed 222 having
counted 44 having curried
43 having enjoyed 928
having grasped 106 having
imbibed 50 having ripened
81 having searched 109
having secured 40 having
settled 79 having studied
927 having trained 97
having weighed 123 having
immense 161 having several
287 having himself 58
having control 65 having
existed 40 having atrophy
111 having certain 416
having division 68 having
extreme 79 having intense
57 having plastic 48
having previous 177 having
radical 66 having repairs
89 having repeated 239
having revision 85 having
several 680 having similar
148 having surgery 346
having thorough 52 having
torture 86 having effects
44 having himself 251
having dominion 82 having
capital 45 having control
74 having freedom 57
having thoughts 46 having
exposed 42 having assumed
124 having existed 62
having ignored 80 having
between 518 having shorter
262 having matters 53
having effects 164 having
support 50 having violated
91 having certain 53
having everything 134 having
repeated 55 having several
230 having similar 133
having violence 151 having
present 144 having testify
88 having results 42
having success 92 having
accused 77 heading towards
95 heading against 76
heading systems 357 heading
towards 42 heading towards
123 heads together 154
heads against 64 heads
towards 42 heads against
59 heads forward 477
healing between 169 healing
sockets 245 healing diseases
112 healing include 100
healing involving 45 healing
because 55 healing following
117 healing proceed 40
healing history 104 health
believe 151 health program
113 health against 118
health program 333 health
against 678 health members
238 health because 62
health centers 131 health
regarding 43 health behavior
188 health according 42
health affecting 369 health
because 151 health between
183 health brought 143
health covered 56 health
develop 56 health governing
65 health improve 417
health include 1687 health
including 530 health increase
98 health obtaining 92
health present 228 health
prevail 44 health related
497 health require 133
health requiring 158 health
resulting 137 health perfect
50 health because 41
health including 112 health
between 106 health research
693 health studies 233
health because 55 health
believe 80 health provide
83 health requiring 44
health service 101 health
because 45 health process
50 health program 68
health research 146 health
studies 86 health enjoyed
55 health declining 93
health improving 88 health
returns 53 health weakened
63 health reports 150
health service 148 health
arrived 42 health according
119 health account 91
health adopted 40 health
affects 201 health against
224 health allowed 57
health amounts 86 health
appeared 225 health applies
60 health because 2552
health becomes 366 health
believe 45 health benefit
5140 health between 295
health brokers 147 health
brought 101 health carried
102 health carrier 5049
health charges 79 health
choices 163 health company
14032 health concept 73
health context 89 health
covered 519 health debates
99 health depends 157
health despite 68 health
details 43 health differs
75 health division 84
health doctors 109 health
dollars 112 health dropped
167 health efforts 51
health emerged 100 health
enacted 54 health evolved
51 health expense 86
health experts 70 health
features 51 health financing
472 health following 84
health include 249 health
including 202 health increase
157 health issuers 743
health largely 70 health
managed 79 health mandate
98 health markets 2623
health matters 156 health
measures 330 health medical
638 health members 53
health national 178 health
network 66 health numbers
53 health offered 436
health offerings 100 health
offices 306 health outlays
48 health outside 90
health package 1715 health
payment 511 health payroll
93 health picture 84
health premium 7191 health
private 139 health problem
219 health product 545
health program 114658 health
project 89 health provide
249 health providing 280
health question 117 health
receive 170 health records
675 health reduced 55
health reduces 182 health
reforms 455 health related
140 health remains 206
health results 85 health
schemes 15319 health service
191 health similar 89
health society 448 health
started 93 health studies
58 health subject 136
health subsidy 179 health
support 68 health systems
4014 health together 73
health usually 523 health
variable 54 health written
185 health surveys 1029
health clinics 119 health
control 51 health according
50 health because 201
health between 69 health
include 57 health including
300 health outside 171
health provide 86 health
providing 55 health regarding
85 health towards 56
health trained 321 health
because 67 health because
76 health between 51
health include 140 health
including 84 health related
154 health because 88
health efforts 341 health
measures 488 health program
261 health because 54
health function 3915 health
process 284 health because
88 health schools 698
health student 63 health
against 511 health because
125 health efforts 52
health include 41 health
measures 2504 health program
659 health service 111
health systems 56 health
because 167 health outside
51 health regarding 78
health becomes 53 health
requiring 46 health according
47 health because 67
health between 149 health
include 48 health including
93 health adopted 105
health because 64 health
between 95 health present
102 health require 58
health history 40 heard
overhead 42 heard express
128 heard reports 100
heard outside 130 heard
rapidly 74 heard against
297 heard between 70
heard regarding 66 heard
gunfire 68 heard scuffling
60 heard lecture 105
heard against 63 heard
opinions 102 heard reports
946 heard stories 282
heard versions 63 heard
sermons 73 heard stories
1027 heard members 56
heard opinions 252 heard
persons 48 heard reports
75 heard stories 373
heard versions 447 heard
remarks 198 heard reports
161 heard stories 72
heard stories 40 heard
reports 292 heard reports
256 heard against 42
heard stories 155 heard
stories 89 heard reports
453 heard advancing 246
heard ascending 274 heard
crunching 568 heard following
394 heard outside 6216
heard overhead 917 heard
pattering 82 heard quickly
53 heard rapidly 112
heard retreating 285 heard
returning 91 heard scurrying
75 heard shuffling 157
heard thundering 49 heard
stories 165 heard stories
87 heard stories 50
heard members 111 heard
reports 57 heard stories
68 heard himself 84
heard stories 134 heard
praised 68 heard outside
45 heard stories 63
heard against 48 heard
reports 64 heard testify
130 heard because 54
heard clinton 94 heard
johnson 113 heard kennedy
243 heard lincoln 67
heard against 73 heard
regarding 308 heard accused
50 heard america 170
heard diastole 71 heard
germany 103 heard history
44 heard systole 442
heard conduct 834 heard
stories 74 heard against
129 heard stories 73
heard against 58 heard
testify 93 heard reports
129 heard stories 713
hearing against 149 hearing
members 166 hearing reports
42 hearing outside 252
hearing reports 48 hearing
stories 47 hearing opinions
190 hearing stories 50
hearing versions 54 hearing
meaningful 94 hearing remarks
55 hearing reports 72
hearing ascending 52 hearing
outside 465 hearing overhead
43 hearing becomes 47
hearing debates 95 hearing
cheered 54 hearing praised
49 hearing faraday 54
hearing devices 3866 hearing
program 229 hearing against
170 hearing regarding 109
hearing charged 59 hearing
praised 421 hearing between
120 hearing measured 54
hearing conduct 50 hearing
stories 247 hears stories
44 hears outside 71
heart towards 44 heart
brought 45 heart because
53 heart requiring 53
heart defects 152 heart
between 154 heart herself
68 heart increasing 46
heart against 43 heart
towards 86 heart against
171 heart between 138
heart crazily 42 heart
quickly 65 heart rapidly
47 heart becomes 128
heart returning 136 heart
stopped 40 heart subside
65 heart skipped 113
heart stopped 201 heart
because 226 heart herself
56 heart against 124
heart devoted 93 heart
becomes 65 heart against
137 heart between 52
heart against 63 heart
corrupt 78 heart divided
82 heating depends 41
heating cyanide 128 heating
nitrate 157 heating involving
56 heavy against 246
heavy burdens 290 heavy
capital 56 heavy charges
92 heavy demands 74
heavy expense 428 heavy
taxation 313 heavy traffic
47 heavy overlay 118
heavy budgets 81 heavy
expense 40 heavy outlays
120 heavy program 67
heavy support 154 heavy
showers 75 heavy traffic
293 heavy current 238
heavy against 789 heavy
appeared 48 heavy arrived
319 heavy attacks 387
heavy barrage 2636 heavy
battery 259 heavy because
73 heavy between 44
heavy brigade 431 heavy
brought 240 heavy capable
76 heavy carried 52
heavy company 128 heavy
division 121 heavy exchange
44 heavy forward 55
heavy including 47 heavy
mounted 151 heavy pounded
144 heavy service 75
heavy shelled 92 heavy
started 54 heavy support
2111 heavy towards 54
heavy pistols 50 heavy
missile 71 heavy against
75 heavy erected 66
heavy cornice 88 heavy
against 41 heavy deficit
79 heavy against 165
heavy thundering 87 heavy
between 49 heavy cartons
73 heavy covered 101
heavy including 96 heavy
network 43 heavy smokers
6118 heavy current 126
heavy demands 101 heavy
current 60 heavy traffic
738 heavy vehicle 466
heavy against 365 heavy
imposed 46 heavy taxation
57 heavy against 110
heavy because 260 heavy
traffic 51 heavy battles
167 heavy charges 42
heavy settled 41 heavy
follows 63 heavy brought
93 heavy current 177
heavy overseas 41 heavy
against 50 heavy arrived
124 heavy because 124
heavy between 58 heavy
brought 77 heavy company
223 heavy division 92
heavy drivers 44 heavy
forward 43 heavy including
244 heavy operating 215
heavy requiring 75 heavy
traffic 78 heavy forests
71 heavy charges 176
heavy drooped 40 heavy
receded 54 heavy sounded
88 heavy ascending 140
heavy clumped 45 heavy
crossed 97 heavy crunching
102 heavy following 65
heavy outside 810 heavy
overhead 297 heavy pounded
162 heavy rapidly 68
heavy receded 40 heavy
retreating 40 heavy sounded
673 heavy stopped 64
heavy towards 41 heavy
against 152 heavy burdens
78 heavy presses 126
heavy between 62 heavy
imposed 85 heavy buildings
112 heavy capital 85
heavy centers 247 heavy
company 63 heavy complex
1098 heavy economy 126
heavy exports 154 heavy
fabrics 73 heavy imports
44 heavy machine 155
heavy product 43 heavy
project 44 heavy sectors
1471 heavy targets 49
heavy traffic 186 heavy
workers 324 heavy produce
58 heavy powders 52
heavy against 58 heavy
charges 57 heavy premium
61 heavy position 48
heavy against 131 heavy
traffic 40 heavy cavalry
81 heavy because 120
heavy company 131 heavy
complex 203 heavy factory
172 heavy including 64
heavy operating 42 heavy
requiring 77 heavy sectors
76 heavy smokers 88
heavy smokers 818 heavy
traffic 62 heavy occurring
40 heavy against 108
heavy skillet 283 heavy
because 55 heavy deposit
64 heavy including 40
heavy settled 47 heavy
traffic 2656 heavy affixed
74 heavy against 1357
heavy annexed 57 heavy
because 41 heavy enacted
45 heavy exacted 89
heavy imposed 858 heavy
including 98 heavy visited
44 heavy fraction 122
heavy residue 95 heavy
baggage 289 heavy burdens
53 heavy content 289
heavy control 45 heavy
centers 117 heavy density
447 heavy increase 82
heavy against 66 heavy
brought 58 heavy exerted
119 heavy demands 82
heavy against 140 heavy
program 59 heavy against
62 heavy against 79
heavy imposed 210 heavy
jackets 44 heavy against
47 heavy belonged 44
heavy hunched 205 heavy
between 98 heavy traffic
44 heavy bombers 165
heavy granted 70 heavy
abusers 129 heavy attract
60 heavy traffic 107
heavy viewers 1684 heavy
charges 500 heavy lorries
112 heavy vehicle 981
heavy thoughts 69 heavy
traffic 3525 held because
64 held upright 66
held hostage 530 held
together 232 held beliefs
90 held between 216
held regarding 81 held
counsel 68 held regarding
44 held similar 163
held towards 378 held
degrees 140 held because
167 held against 64
held between 146 held
classes 108 held glasses
49 held parties 88
held together 101 held
because 80 held include
40 held beliefs 95
held opinions 691 held
similar 119 held because
127 held position 42
held beliefs 44 held
between 46 held amounts
66 held beliefs 1138
held degrees 66 held
language 180 held offices
225 held opinions 7152
held sessions 145 held
opinions 822 held degrees
495 held beliefs 46
held similar 87 held
totally 46 held against
49 held control 722
held funeral 40 held
sessions 98 held language
100 held strongly 57
held together 45 held
control 425 held offices
195 held sessions 201
held domains 60 held
estates 364 held radical
49 held together 45
held opinions 291 held
beliefs 231 held opinions
402 held opinions 113
held offices 62 held
opinions 108 held cabinet
185 held charges 103
held colonial 42 held
command 121 held decision
41 held estates 43
held federal 66 held
judicial 96 held lessons
377 held musical 46
held national 78 held
offices 7045 held official
850 held patents 80
held position 77 held
stations 45 held company
187 held beliefs 437
held against 121 held
because 69 held position
54 held offices 202
held against 142 held
between 70 held offices
308 held because 118
held century 43 held
against 60 held beliefs
44 held upright 365
held beliefs 1372 held
control 887 held offices
1456 held opinions 794
held parties 48 held
position 157 held rallies
210 held according 40
held because 82 held
similar 71 held against
420 held because 116
held offices 113 held
offices 251 held official
68 held position 60
held against 56 held
sessions 60 held between
276 held because 54
held hundred 67 held
together 431 held against
83 held between 230
held outside 50 held
control 56 held beliefs
622 held against 175
held because 50 held
between 174 held between
72 held between 222
held degrees 205 held
cameras 140 held command
445 held together 102
held between 260 held
outside 128 held against
96 held assured 132
held closely 44 held
equally 99 held excused
54 held neutral 63
held obliged 419 held
proudly 229 held released
41 held rigidly 122
held stiffly 187 held
subject 67 held superior
442 held together 797
held upright 199 held
beliefs 134 held position
138 held america 108
held britain 171 held
central 56 held germany
463 held history 171
held ireland 173 held
january 42 held northern
41 held society 123
held vietnam 211 held
virginia 49 held western
190 held control 40
held opinions 143 held
opinions 71 held captive
164 held between 41
held together 216 hell
because 90 hell against
97 help achieve 223
help develop 87 help
improve 44 help locally
88 help couples 391
help develop 174 help
smokers 129 help teachers
2236 help develop 401
help diagnose 120 help
improve 133 help predict
106 help provide 143
help develop 49 help
members 400 help college
72 help efforts 46
help members 1939 help
achieve 1057 help address
217 help analyze 99
help attract 128 help
compete 290 help conduct
93 help control 268
help develop 1152 help
enhance 100 help improve
1014 help increase 359
help monitor 42 help
operate 127 help prepare
136 help produce 43
help protect 173 help
provide 146 help recruit
154 help respond 156
help succeed 113 help
survive 137 help parents
105 help parties 276
help himself 56 help
superior 45 help against
206 help buildings 41
help achieve 286 help
compare 390 help develop
177 help improve 60
help protect 94 help
resolve 214 help himself
54 help america 74
help clients 105 help
achieve 271 help address
255 help control 50
help develop 860 help
finance 111 help improve
494 help prepare 89
help rebuild 45 help
recover 82 help achieve
387 help develop 214
help finance 254 help
improve 199 help prepare
83 help quickly 117
help succeed 47 help
organic 100 help survive
45 help clients 144
help persons 108 help
achieve 100 help develop
173 help improve 127
help produce 47 help
behavior 212 help certain
121 help company 106
help content 96 help
correct 112 help current
85 help exactly 533
help factors 47 help
location 129 help national
154 help optimal 445
help optimum 544 help
overall 205 help patient
118 help priority 99
help product 107 help
program 344 help quality
106 help student 64
help success 274 help
persons 463 help workers
1237 help between 14702
help certain 87 help
chronic 91 help primary
184 help address 266
help develop 593 help
improve 246 help prepare
115 help provide 99
help respond 85 help
certain 265 help fatigue
40 help friction 71
help poverty 992 help
certain 131 help achieve
966 help acquire 389
help address 336 help
advance 181 help balance
2518 help clarify 43
help develop 2116 help
explore 85 help fulfill
129 help improve 1335
help increase 220 help
perform 513 help prepare
535 help provide 46
help resolve 373 help
satisfy 306 help succeed
62 help attract 206
help control 147 help
develop 95 help improve
103 help provide 64
help recruit 53 help
private 43 help animals
448 help species 490
help poverty 670 help
balance 86 help certain
167 help contact 334
help control 190 help
correct 133 help criteria
392 help general 102
help himself 124 help
justice 139 help meaningful
91 help national 232
help peaceful 44 help
priority 46 help private
51 help quality 95
help rapport 2890 help
regional 115 help regular
80 help research 162
help schools 235 help
similar 79 help support
105 help systems 40
help parents 290 help
against 48 help develop
45 help answers 53
help general 49 help
national 104 help research
188 help towards 55
help success 229 help
certain 41 help victims
228 help himself 206
help workers 76 help
federal 53 help foreign
41 help national 62
help workers 110 help
couples 1994 help diverse
60 help himself 77
help ancient 79 help
complex 47 help results
213 help achieve 56
help workers 519 help
develop 60 help provide
40 help teachers 54
help develop 199 help
towards 287 help speakers
197 help hormone 48
help develop 209 help
parties 83 help survive
306 help achieve 41
help against 95 help
because 148 help towards
155 help develop 109
help diagnose 644 help
improve 156 help predict
101 help provide 159
help parties 351 help
science 107 help flowers
225 help because 454
help infants 120 help
teachers 93 help clinton
185 help johnson 101
help kennedy 137 help
because 204 help prepare
103 help workers 81
help herself 53 help
himself 78 help achieve
67 help develop 248
help improve 83 help
improve 85 help against
805 help schools 303
help teachers 59 help
comparing 53 help indulging
45 help wondering 104
help seekers 82 help
exchange 394 help foreign
55 help markets 149
help national 59 help
society 47 help creative
182 help private 109
help research 183 help
student 147 help uterine
103 help abusers 646
help improve 233 help
vitamin 45 help resolve
125 help writers 53
help develop 467 help
according 170 help achieve
409 help against 599
help because 1249 help
civilly 69 help develop
114 help forward 161
help improve 317 help
recover 90 help several
112 help survive 80
help together 147 help
towards 240 help develop
177 help america 43
help schools 93 help
society 501 help research
133 help workers 241
help respond 278 help
improve 42 help achieve
128 help acquire 112
help develop 935 help
improve 40 hens courted
42 herd together 171
here exposed 44 here
himself 65 here himself
249 here because 66
here omitted 67 here
declare 40 here together
969 here together 76
here himself 58 here
between 74 here follows
70 here implies 71
here suggest 49 here
together 119 here together
885 here himself 53
here suicide 50 here
chiefly 337 here himself
48 here together 99
here himself 99 here
chiefly 64 here against
126 here sharply 420
here strongly 58 here
checked 51 here against
203 here according 90
here affords 91 here
america 78 here applies
102 here because 278
here between 108 here
briefly 256 here consist
41 here contain 47
here depends 52 here
differs 317 here existed
74 here follows 64
here impress 45 here
include 93 here results
48 here together 153
here usually 51 here
himself 238 here sorrows
62 here renders 118
here because 123 here
between 48 here briefly
135 here include 54
here together 145 here
himself 40 here himself
66 here between 1972
here because 143 here
himself 55 here towards
62 here because 226
here evident 41 here
alluded 48 here alludes
123 here assumes 42
here implies 55 here
referring 111 here pleasant
41 here against 94
here between 135 here
princes 93 here between
61 here carried 213
here himself 307 here
regarding 105 here himself
380 here enacted 72
here promise 56 here
follows 186 here involve
51 here require 59
here support 82 here
replace 51 here himself
81 here because 43
here between 396 here
between 48 here against
127 here present 63
here because 50 here
himself 50 here against
112 here inquire 42
here present 45 here
suggest 89 here express
47 here correct 46
here himself 63 here
himself 275 here factors
41 here because 1829
here defined 40 here
similar 53 here against
52 here according 60
here against 59 here
applies 50 here assumes
78 here because 276
here between 247 here
differs 309 here exactly
43 here follows 72
here himself 108 here
include 67 here reflect
46 here regarding 85
here relates 63 here
results 149 here suggest
78 here together 160
here because 1618 here
concern 87 here against
87 here together 95
here avoided 70 here
omitted 220 here studied
45 here average 123
here several 72 here
typical 78 here because
162 here exactly 55
here together 47 here
closely 41 here himself
40 here because 44
here because 58 here
between 137 here between
42 here between 335
here several 41 here
briefly 184 here himself
172 here america 93
here because 132 here
between 119 hero suicide
69 hero stephen 61
hero himself 46 hero
himself 76 hero forever
61 hero himself 45
hero himself 189 hero
himself 74 hero himself
49 hero himself 51
hero because 297 hero
himself 80 hero himself
64 hero himself 55
hero jackson 46 hero
against 191 hide aspects
167 hide details 104
hide features 68 hide
regional 45 hide between
149 hide between 269
hide tightly 85 hide
against 47 hide because
113 hide between 348
hide together 204 hide
buildings 48 hide objects
194 hiding between 125
hiding outside 254 hiding
objects 48 high incision
146 high surgery 72
high ability 64 high
because 143 high receive
63 high barrier 389
high enthalpy 170 high
ability 63 high budgets
132 high outlays 178
high revenue 60 high
arousal 66 high content
169 high content 129
high profits 42 high
anxiety 83 high between
1973 high regarding 51
high content 5086 high
current 192 high voltage
299 high affects 56
high because 1553 high
becomes 52 high between
140 high contain 43
high depends 42 high
develop 107 high everything
87 high include 48
high produce 56 high
reduces 42 high require
46 high results 92
high usually 124 high
content 45 high current
114 high rhythmic 59
high signals 442 high
potency 215 high potency
57 high quality 270
high claimed 120 high
content 214 high buildings
345 high content 127
high terrace 68 high
between 2338 high systems
109 high between 54
high arousal 373 high
nervous 66 high content
126 high potency 160
high protein 71 high
quality 220 high against
71 high support 212
high deficit 48 high
priority 76 high content
1550 high official 173
high content 242 high
content 360 high density
272 high numbers 132
high content 3326 high
anxiety 75 high collars
84 high content 2294
high secured 56 high
differs 107 high current
271 high glucose 63
high insulin 285 high
culture 96 high ability
630 high anxiety 157
high demands 270 high
function 103 high between
251 high charges 50
high current 1044 high
voltage 596 high buildings
54 high content 292
high osmotic 56 high
chamber 294 high circles
44 high position 156
high quality 84 high
returns 53 high charges
229 high erected 50
high revived 50 high
warrant 46 high official
599 high profile 118
high against 85 high
density 363 high between
528 high between 57
high between 49 high
charges 216 high between
134 high regarding 67
high parties 185607 high
between 126 high factors
53 high officer 143
high official 65 high
position 87 high priority
94 high profits 553
high taxation 112 high
between 134 high windows
94 high cameras 63
high digital 300 high
display 230 high formats
66 high monitor 47
high picture 105 high
screens 328 high service
56 high signals 62
high systems 106 high
because 243 high between
52 high produce 50
high quantum 201 high
content 284 high quality
152 high current 698
high voltage 85 high
between 116 high ability
265 high spectra 1319
high studies 45 high
mineral 87 high organic
525 high systems 68
high because 94 high
demands 97 high confining
133 high radiated 129
high surface 112 high
tariffs 275 high century
301 high support 54
high turnout 159 high
because 143 high between
57 high castles 128
high figures 74 high
content 422 high cutters
88 high demands 150
high photons 54 high
battles 54 high returns
52 high because 46
high because 100 high
forests 60 high density
659 high emission 172
high objects 145 high
spectra 42 high voltage
139 high ability 469
high council 113 high
officer 498 high offices
361 high official 245
high position 900 high
forehead 53 high failure
215 high variance 342
high against 108 high
barrage 48 high because
59 high charges 531
high content 172 high
devices 77 high dropped
110 high grenade 80
high material 161 high
plastic 50 high rockets
130 high warheads 300
high emotions 91 high
prairie 43 high fraction
95 high himself 110
high voltage 50 high
against 63 high because
174 high becomes 53
high country 55 high
coupled 52 high despite
52 high pattern 152
high regimes 46 high
resulting 42 high results
57 high society 96
high fraction 188 high
antenna 237 high antigen
150 high applied 87
high average 61 high
ballast 55 high because
507 high becomes 57
high behavior 953 high
between 275 high bipolar
167 high carrier 2623
high channel 422 high
circuit 1311 high climate
60 high cochlear 182
high content 4481 high
control 176 high crystal
137 high current 17336
high cutoffs 101 high
deafness 497 high designs
220 high details 192
high devices 758 high
diathermy 246 high digital
162 high doppler 91
high drivers 92 high
dynamic 249 high effects
927 high elastic 180
high element 50 high
emission 205 high exchange
243 high factors 102
high fatigue 547 high
features 402 high figures
56 high filtering 464
high filters 304 high
flicker 128 high following
130 high fourier 250
high function 245 high
furnace 405 high gravity
286 high implies 66
high impulse 113 high
induced 95 high lexical
104 high machine 550
high modulus 71 high
network 89 high neurons
51 high optical 148
high outfits 71 high
pattern 182 high periodic
98 high photons 106
high portions 170 high
position 45 high problem
63 high process 143
high produce 56 high
radiation 1422 high recording
211 high regimes 114
high regular 66 high
resulting 45 high results
455 high returns 180
high ripples 72 high
seismic 302 high service
215 high signals 6935
high solution 117 high
somatic 129 high sources
219 high speakers 66
high spectra 862 high
stations 254 high stimuli
650 high studies 47
high surface 510 high
surveys 54 high switching
1166 high systems 358
high texture 51 high
usually 61 high variation
362 high vibrating 65
high voltage 2420 high
wavelet 51 high whistle
145 high demands 128
high density 147 high
content 214 high density
56 high valleys 180
high content 563 high
density 72 high incomes
345 high density 70
high because 46 high
between 347 high circuit
488 high current 156
high devices 174 high
digital 59 high material
126 high offered 54
high outputs 100 high
primary 53 high sources
236 high voltage 205
high antigen 202 high
between 58 high figures
85 high following 55
high include 99 high
strains 58 high fitness
63 high offered 53
high official 107 high
voltage 98 high density
46 high profits 152
high society 157 high
tariffs 158 high measures
257 high content 651
high between 189 high
charges 48 high premium
311 high resulting 160
high systems 376 high
because 153 high between
84 high current 212
high display 124 high
effects 68 high emission
55 high flashes 223
high focused 846 high
halogen 41 high mercury
323 high neutron 189
high optical 92 high
primary 51 high program
58 high radiation 907
high results 69 high
showers 45 high signals
651 high sources 481
high stimuli 1012 high
systems 62 high tungsten
193 high usually 42
high visible 123 high
warfare 159 high workout
82 high quality 56
high carrier 51 high
quality 184 high rewards
74 high pyramid 40
high content 338 high
official 163 high quality
130 high because 490
high becomes 51 high
between 179 high outside
53 high produce 55
high receive 84 high
results 60 high towards
245 high usually 46
high ability 127 high
position 147 high content
375 high country 46
high islands 193 high
outcrop 90 high plateaus
125 high because 53
high position 99 high
premium 136 high density
179 high numbers 57
high calcite 895 high
content 3286 high content
309 high current 356
high ability 93 high
incomes 44 high position
174 high minimum 186
high virtues 59 high
demands 1703 high servant
64 high aesthetic 376
high culture 140 high
ideology 126 high impulse
57 high project 91
high writers 105 high
alcohol 46 high complex
126 high density 210
high fraction 235 high
material 213 high organic
232 high polymer 116
high protein 159 high
species 56 high weights
11059 high current 117
high affecting 46 high
attending 77 high because
420 high between 149
high despite 177 high
figures 849 high following
236 high include 40
high occurring 101 high
related 44 high resulting
232 high results 111
high society 62 high
usually 88 high towards
72 high because 49
high towards 52 high
adjoining 41 high against
80 high appeared 186
high because 154 high
between 840 high bordering
207 high consist 43
high contain 54 high
covered 3751 high crowned
49 high enclosing 50
high existed 51 high
extending 153 high extends
63 high including 48
high located 66 high
outside 40 high prevent
48 high produce 52
high provide 105 high
receive 82 high towards
245 high towered 55
high tremble 53 high
usually 40 high visible
50 high offices 104
high official 242 high
stations 79 high occurring
49 high century 86
high ability 73 high
content 382 high quality
621 high function 70
high uniform 113 high
vehicle 1814 high density
56 high against 72
high content 201 high
between 114 high traffic
393 high volumes 62
high imposed 40 high
ability 173 high ability
421 high control 670
high quality 357 high
support 66 high official
119 high residue 119
high content 112 high
content 3304 high fixation
72 high content 156
high ability 88 high
affairs 271 high ambition
185 high circles 1427
high concern 56 high
content 1142 high courage
88 high culture 211
high decision 53 high
destiny 128 high economy
46 high figures 365
high function 56 high
grounds 72 high history
70 high idealism 41
high matters 211 high
motives 47 high officer
153 high offices 2127
high official 241 high
passions 272 high position
2311 high priority 1079
high profile 4245 high
purpose 107 high quality
47 high question 75
high society 76 high
spheres 68 high stations
133 high stature 86
high support 97 high
tensions 101 high virtues
51 high removal 64
high content 94 high
material 134 high systems
71 high centers 84
high density 41672 high
figures 184 high increase
560 high numbers 339
high content 6754 high
intakes 79 high solution
239 high between 42
high ability 43 high
content 47 high utility
193 high because 291
high wastage 123 high
against 43 high against
67 high applied 137
high because 416 high
becomes 43 high between
153 high carried 59
high depends 40 high
develop 181 high exerted
135 high increase 72
high occurring 81 high
present 128 high prevail
65 high produce 88
high require 148 high
resulting 119 high results
40 high usually 116
high herself 80 high
according 57 high because
78 high belonged 59
high forever 60 high
because 293 high quantum
498 high because 52
high granted 105 high
because 51 high budgets
44 high demands 281
high figures 454 high
machine 200 high numbers
84 high process 82
high quality 534 high
records 505 high results
81 high systems 69
high targets 531 high
volumes 1060 high voltage
63 high assumes 80
high forehead 218 high
because 73 high between
45 high devoted 59
high married 56 high
against 582 high factors
73 high granted 78
high officer 58 high
official 432 high profile
42 high arterial 1299
high current 133 high
against 43 high between
47 high towards 353
high voltage 57 high
factors 79 high because
164 high enjoyed 507
high outside 68 high
overseas 42 high secured
49 high because 321
high becomes 54 high
between 132 high cameras
444 high climate 101
high columns 99 high
contact 50 high coupled
51 high crystal 950
high current 632 high
density 74 high details
105 high devices 177
high digital 1450 high
display 1950 high doppler
190 high dynamic 83
high emission 89 high
emulsion 66 high enables
61 high encoder 96
high features 297 high
fourier 452 high general
53 high genetic 258
high graphic 679 high
gravity 163 high imagery
965 high landsat 43
high lattice 739 high
limited 185 high linkage
54 high medical 50
high monitor 1545 high
neutron 652 high offered
90 high optical 2693
high passive 55 high
pattern 120 high permits
70 high picture 448
high position 96 high
printer 204 high profile
142 high profiling 161
high protein 244 high
quality 51 high recording
330 high records 507
high regional 107 high
results 586 high scanner
484 high schemes 152
high screens 701 high
seismic 1515 high sensors
277 high shadowing 83
high shallow 52 high
signals 82 high silicon
63 high solution 117
high spectra 7048 high
stellar 135 high studies
3300 high surface 733
high surveys 292 high
systems 438 high tactile
201 high terrain 72
high together 46 high
versions 63 high visible
286 high animals 49
high strains 281 high
density 115 high barrier
47 high quantum 187
high current 210 high
deficit 136 high density
223 high voltage 51
high erected 54 high
visible 65 high quality
238 high utterly 63
high current 69 high
emission 517 high schools
337 high voltage 437
high premium 117 high
anxiety 142 high factors
395 high content 141
high dropped 44 high
windows 92 high together
45 high caliber 44
high content 199 high
culture 237 high destiny
127 high devotion 41
high dignity 160 high
flights 200 high function
55 high idealism 53
high insight 94 high
matters 115 high motives
59 high offices 46
high outlook 45 high
position 132 high purpose
354 high quality 449
high stature 116 high
vocation 40 high against
518 high because 48
high towards 138 high
adopted 61 high against
147 high applied 141
high because 348 high
desired 56 high despite
87 high governing 48
high imposed 363 high
prevail 123 high regarding
304 high require 45
high usually 57 high
minimum 97 high priority
182 high content 251
high quality 58 high
charges 60 high bridges
42 high between 99
high ability 637 high
caliber 54 high content
944 high culture 52
high demands 203 high
failure 66 high quality
6183 high schools 166
high success 335 high
charges 91 high density
138 high antenna 52
high viewers 54 high
profits 52 high position
47 high sanction 45
high content 330 high
because 96 high computing
396 high genetic 57
high genomic 206 high
network 53 high optical
58 high process 75
high protein 187 high
screening 9634 high screens
481 high studies 109
high systems 181 high
against 126 high towards
119 high material 178
high current 474 high
torques 52 high voltage
156 high charges 1332
high pyramid 85 high
kinetic 86 high content
163 high protein 96
high density 110 high
traffic 99 high against
168 high because 134
high indexes 127 high
liquids 1315 high material
395 high mineral 57
high polymer 223 high
product 53 high reduces
73 high results 80
high solution 100 high
systems 127 high between
101 high content 165
hill sounded 123 hill
between 63 hill contain
85 hill forests 146
hill between 140 hill
burdock 50 hill granada
96 hill pretoria 46
hill santiago 53 hill
between 40 hinged between
172 hips outward 40
hips against 77 hire
capital 40 hire factors
47 hire faculty 176
hire skilled 55 hire
support 51 hire teachers
617 hire workers 5202
hire teachers 826 hire
smokers 66 hire counsel
218 hire lawyers 93
hire persons 58 hire
teachers 139 hire because
139 hire lawyers 503
hire writers 93 hire
workers 131 hire workers
104 hire workers 112
hire persons 145 hire
teachers 455 hire workers
377 hire experts 131
hire writers 180 hire
workers 1124 hire workers
385 hiring faculty 93
hiring teachers 225 hiring
workers 1546 hiring teachers
56 hiring lawyers 65
hiring workers 102 hiring
workers 85 hiring against
460 hiring because 280
hiring between 107 hiring
reflect 88 hiring workers
117 hiring persons 45
hiring teachers 189 hiring
workers 128 hiring experts
41 hiring workers 926
hiring workers 243 hiring
workers 43 hold amounts
51 hold capital 129
hold promise 66 hold
sessions 42 hold sessions
207 hold hostage 252
hold together 65 hold
similar 369 hold towards
165 hold degrees 44
hold classes 123 hold
parties 68 hold together
64 hold teachers 78
hold workers 44 hold
beliefs 416 hold opinions
1562 hold amounts 435
hold beliefs 4516 hold
classes 47 hold criteria
48 hold degrees 184
hold language 253 hold
numbers 125 hold objects
101 hold offices 102
hold opinions 12090 hold
versions 68 hold debates
105 hold together 265
hold sessions 183 hold
beliefs 42 hold beliefs
79 hold opinions 444
hold degrees 449 hold
control 81 hold decision
43 hold sessions 45
hold together 100 hold
amounts 65 hold control
150 hold dominion 42
hold offices 173 hold
sessions 258 hold together
66 hold opinions 105
hold together 107 hold
between 42 hold opinions
363 hold opinions 66
hold beliefs 236 hold
opinions 134 hold defense
109 hold lessons 621
hold offices 1755 hold
official 392 hold position
47 hold stations 54
hold beliefs 193 hold
together 244 hold beliefs
528 hold beliefs 56
hold offices 58 hold
together 3374 hold offices
687 hold beliefs 74
hold together 77 hold
against 42 hold assured
44 hold certain 55
hold excused 414 hold
hostage 52 hold limited
139 hold morally 102
hold obliged 516 hold
pledged 42 hold subject
110 hold superior 83
hold together 901 hold
unworthy 42 hold upright
185 hold against 44
hold together 498 hold
beliefs 127 hold control
200 hold gatherings 48
hold offices 1418 hold
opinions 1117 hold parties
263 hold rallies 307
hold against 251 hold
because 252 hold against
161 hold because 90
hold between 55 hold
offices 157 hold position
47 hold sessions 187
hold promise 54 hold
courses 76 hold parties
91 hold together 171
hold together 1039 hold
between 135 hold beliefs
101 hold persons 68
hold results 140 hold
against 164 hold content
84 hold equally 40
hold excused 173 hold
jointly 100 hold largely
45 hold morally 79
hold neutral 140 hold
obliged 886 hold pledged
94 hold proudly 96
hold rigidly 307 hold
stiffly 87 hold subject
598 hold superior 821
hold together 9484 hold
upright 1722 hold against
45 hold everything 41
hold amounts 120 hold
opinions 124 hold beliefs
297 hold opinions 259
hold together 291 hole
drilled 48 hole current
55 hole courses 45
hole drilled 662 hole
punched 97 hole current
290 hole material 372
holy towards 107 holy
tumbled 55 holy between
56 holy against 54
holy towards 209 holy
quieted 41 holy according
70 holy between 60
holy written 42 holy
because 97 holy towards
64 holy according 94
holy previous 43 holy
together 58 holy worthily
44 holy offered 183
holy according 89 holy
revealed 46 holy unfolding
79 holy settled 60
home involving 47 home
affects 42 home division
63 home including 155
home control 111 home
devices 140 home systems
1489 home wrapped 40
home because 226 home
because 58 home affecting
135 home warrant 44
home because 555 home
between 40 home provide
64 home because 87
home because 69 home
becomes 62 home located
56 home location 302
home resides 152 home
spirits 76 home adviser
116 home because 271
home buildings 85 home
careers 348 home carried
41 home centers 117
home classes 10485 home
college 778 home content
1258 home cottage 150
home courses 13043 home
degrees 126 home division
279 home exhibit 93
home experts 470 home
faculty 807 home include
113 home including 47
home kitchen 84 home
lessons 191 home library
101 home material 171
home offered 136 home
offerings 110 home program
13478 home project 299
home provide 45 home
related 453 home research
1951 home schools 1406
home sections 41 home
service 71 home society
87 home student 1133
home studies 3114 home
subject 2594 home teachers
16728 home trained 281
home usually 109 home
workers 485 home explain
65 home reports 110
home systems 159 home
because 51 home catalog
50 home company 145
home division 111 home
fabrics 356 home including
60 home markets 86
home because 121 home
workers 49 home company
190 home process 223
home program 82 home
reports 576 home service
189 home program 75
home company 163 home
premium 80 home defines
245 home extends 318
home surveys 1646 home
efforts 189 home program
89 home service 258
home society 1615 home
because 52 home insured
228 home program 431
home because 261 home
becomes 160 home between
170 home figures 45
home include 103 home
increase 102 home program
505 home remains 294
home schemes 503 home
variable 54 home dialysis
1203 home because 354
home becomes 126 home
decision 64 home include
44 home program 173
home because 412 home
because 261 home against
112 home against 118
home because 86 home
becomes 45 home exceeds
49 home function 171
home process 117 home
against 64 home systems
58 home justify 70
home library 417 home
project 170 home because
138 home exhibit 90
home following 92 home
include 155 home receive
490 home receiving 184
home require 138 home
revealed 95 home suffering
43 home antenna 295
home receiving 121 home
service 536 home systems
405 home himself 62
home becomes 43 home
between 410 home outside
92 home answering 60
home letters 414 home
numbers 5213 home records
45 home service 569
home systems 135 home
screens 750 home service
112 home systems 40
home viewers 165 home
against 176 home because
68 home laurels 84
home gardening 304 home
gardens 1049 home improve
114 home program 3970
home stories 76 home
because 101 hook together
328 hope despair 76
hope members 918 hope
because 287 hope clinton
151 hope crossed 46
hope crosses 47 horn
neurons 346 horn antenna
1195 hose between 225
host tripped 61 host
defense 124 host together
107 host because 49
host members 258 host
towards 63 host located
111 host himself 40
host against 220 host
attempt 49 host because
740 host benefit 232
host compete 76 host
develop 92 host include
171 host including 82
host provide 233 host
receive 86 host regarding
143 host require 267
host towards 149 host
usually 84 host enzymes
225 host systems 99
host because 80 host
becomes 98 host density
1461 host depends 50
host systems 53 host
towards 66 host language
3666 host against 638
host against 90 host
against 364 host following
43 hour sessions 112
hour general 56 hour
between 89 hour service
273 hour arrived 42
hour barrage 803 hour
sessions 168 hour sessions
126 hour service 366
hour samples 754 hour
service 387 hour retired
47 hour between 253
hour sessions 170 hour
january 111 hour contact
180 hour hotline 642
hour medical 390 hour
numbers 116 hour service
4200 hour contest 44
hour display 91 hour
devoted 54 hour address
134 hour according 57
hour because 105 hour
beginning 589 hour between
1454 hour depending 111
hour following 422 hour
usually 47 hour between
138 hour between 144
hour program 171 hour
sessions 106 hour service
119 hour gastric 233
hour allowed 144 hour
gastric 114 hour journey
96 hour awaited 42
hour traffic 119 hour
himself 94 hour arranged
40 hour against 283
hour himself 56 hour
pattern 183 hour between
136 hour minutes 42
hour cruises 490 hour
between 58 hour support
698 hour answering 706
hour contact 114 hour
hotline 1280 hour numbers
175 hour service 1922
hour support 206 hour
channel 51 hour episode
91 hour network 105
hour program 4040 hour
specials 135 hour demanding
618 huge amounts 53
huge expense 51 huge
against 55 huge because
197 huge budgets 560
huge hoardings 48 huge
outlays 61 huge posters
50 huge reptile 43
huge buildings 466 huge
complex 834 huge program
147 huge barrage 105
huge between 74 huge
cracked 161 huge deficit
247 huge cartons 52
huge centers 45 huge
library 48 huge chimney
122 huge buildings 120
huge company 105 huge
complex 90 huge concern
78 huge machine 78
huge profits 42 huge
success 2567 huge parties
45 huge between 92
huge empires 80 huge
mergers 48 huge profits
133 huge scandal 148
huge between 55 huge
between 1906 huge between
445 huge century 48
huge mandate 56 huge
victory 175 huge statues
56 huge against 70
huge employing 50 huge
kitchen 47 huge flanked
51 huge display 986
huge vaulted 47 huge
figures 105 huge machine
94 huge presses 139
huge between 361 huge
exacted 42 huge imposed
60 huge buildings 55
huge centers 105 huge
combine 74 huge complex
2354 huge concern 112
huge empires 171 huge
machine 261 huge project
41 huge society 100
huge company 220 huge
edifice 72 huge project
201 huge schemes 184
huge systems 183 huge
caverns 51 huge columns
66 huge columns 127
huge pillars 129 huge
covered 144 huge towered
44 huge monster 113
huge stadium 51 huge
century 45 huge against
146 huge windows 73
huge machine 66 huge
blunder 71 huge capital
66 huge machine 222
huge mistake 60 huge
problem 90 huge rallies
112 huge scandal 58
huge success 131 huge
victory 56 huge centers
151 huge increase 797
huge problem 80 huge
marched 63 huge budgets
41 huge machine 99
huge numbers 82 huge
volumes 61 huge screens
127 huge machine 45
huge program 213 huge
library 65 huge devoted
82 huge boulder 80
huge monolith 40 huge
between 49 huge against
40 huge hunched 104
huge chamber 108 huge
bridges 83 huge problem
44 huge exchange 60
huge monitor 57 huge
screens 499 huge erection
75 huge between 101
huge extending 78 huge
pyramid 51 huge involving
69 huge monster 43
huge haggard 43 huge
gardens 75 huge complex
40 huge network 118
huge success 54 hunt
animals 111 hunt animals
105 hunt species 67
hurl charges 46 hurl
against 154 hurl against
5468 hurl blindly 52
hurl forward 301 hurl
together 53 hurl towards
80 hurt profits 76
hurt crossed 62 hurt
because 77 hurt clinton
48 hurt against 157
hurt because 524 hurt
workers 151 huts together