bad here 58 bad
years 334 bad from
41 bad have 50
bad made 45 bad
were 58 bad when
48 bad come 54
bad even 43 bad
fall 122 bad from
1839 bad have 463
bad here 67 bad
must 202 bad over
41 bad such 238
bad upon 104 bad
were 297 bad when
163 bad will 897
bad upon 123 bad
work 59 bad among
44 ban from 106
bar have 93 bar
from 129 bath from
50 bath were 110
beam from 62 beam
from 75 beam from
77 beam give 133
bear well 63 bear
risk 140 bear more
835 bear upon 45
bear here 45 bear
when 120 bear from
40 bear making 84
bear from 41 bear
from 89 bear upon
279 bear hard 306
bear heavy 95 bear
upon 918 bear here
42 bear upon 504
bear upon 117 bear
upon 43 beat line
220 beat upon 140
beat down 265 beat
upon 235 beat upon
63 bed home 50
bed have 60 bed
deep 90 bed firm
53 bed were 119
beg from 41 being
bent 101 being left
433 being lost 168
being made 92 being
seen 51 being shot
2417 being shut 44
being used 60 being
into 98 being there
165 being along 139
being among 110 being
during 813 being even
182 being from 197
being here 334 being
more 657 being most
178 being much 42
being only 301 being
over 225 being there
722 being upon 74
being very 83 being
when 327 being will
78 being into 193
being among 43 being
even 243 being from
84 being here 124
being more 220 being
only 72 being when
51 being along 59
being during 331 being
from 731 being here
69 being into 166
being like 46 being
more 214 being must
53 being once 104
being only 479 being
over 381 being prior
90 being there 191
being three 76 being
unto 130 being upon
101 being very 57
being well 52 being
were 117 being when
227 being will 197
being into 40 being
land 246 being true
84 being upon 46
being lest 739 being
when 63 being only
53 being dealt 91
being self 42 being
used 409 being during
114 being like 42
being there 48 being
when 55 being more
40 being only 87
being into 45 being
here 81 being from
87 being along 68
being among 62 being
back 122 being during
49 being even 43
being from 1871 being
here 219 being more
68 being must 55
being only 269 being
over 211 being unto
440 being when 112
being will 149 being
when 49 being upon
225 being among 40
being only 103 being
along 1129 being among
475 being during 96
being from 128 being
here 127 being into
1974 being more 1081
being only 239 being
onto 40 being over
232 being there 820
being upon 5821 being
more 65 being upon
599 being upon 66
being left 52 being
less 378 being made
44 being more 378
being much 207 being
very 280 being when
397 being only 53
being when 117 being
ahead 186 being bent
109 being less 18128
being more 22780 being
over 995 being past
250 being used 76
being worn 68 being
good 103 being high
117 being late 360
being less 250 being
more 571 being over
66 being true 54
being used 212 being
wrong 93 being during
65 being from 81
being into 2414 being
during 95 being from
190 being when 54
being during 43 being
from 96 being here
149 being only 40
being there 95 being
were 66 being when
42 being will 136
being cast 67 being
done 52 being held
72 being kept 67
being lost 115 being
made 386 being open
85 being sent 64
being shed 47 being
used 229 being worn
44 being when 92
being from 61 being
from 83 being held
43 being made 62
being used 121 being
from 108 being into
400 being into 473
being anti 45 being
done 112 being held
556 being kept 1468
being late 40 being
left 502 being made
697 being rude 499
being self 92 being
sent 76 being shot
40 being shut 44
being slow 136 being
used 450 being clear
40 being cool 143
being fine 65 being
just 42 being from
43 being only 144
being more 106 being
true 71 being wrong
57 being during 151
being even 75 being
from 234 being here
306 being more 421
being once 42 being
only 100 being over
121 being when 183
being wrong 41 being
from 96 being only
169 being from 58
being once 226 being
over 195 being there
145 being when 878
being from 321 being
during 41 being from
8526 being when 52
being during 97 being
from 151 being only
64 being when 197
being only 210 being
from 182 being from
459 being from 3283
being when 102 being
among 616 being from
272 being into 158
being more 255 being
over 394 being free
46 being less 46
being more 391 being
poor 110 being self
1006 being used 257
being well 260 being
when 47 being into
87 being from 58
being able 67 being
clear 95 being cold
43 being fast 45
being fine 409 being
good 776 being hard
157 being heavy 104
being high 503 being
kind 74 being mild
43 being nice 58
being poor 40 being
pure 45 being rare
55 being rich 241
being tall 142 being
warm 43 being well
2975 being wide 50
being true 61 being
upon 7362 being from
126 being like 83
being there 50 being
from 258 being into
67 being used 145
being sold 51 being
used 102 being rude
43 being more 113
being true 307 being
during 114 being from
55 being more 101
being when 71 being
acid 287 being when
316 being only 41
being clean 85 being
fond 59 being upon
46 being even 42
being from 129 being
paid 70 being used
80 being when 87
being here 81 being
during 71 being here
43 being there 181
being less 556 being
more 814 being here
102 being when 297
being among 57 being
back 50 being during
128 being from 154
being here 68 being
into 98298 being more
195 being only 57
being onto 55 being
there 104 being lazy
60 being great 126
being more 112 being
great 40 being true
172 being seen 62
being free 64 being
from 547 being part
109 being tied 466
being used 121 being
fond 169 being high
53 being slow 43
being vain 51 being
arts 51 being even
85 being room 176
being time 195 being
from 59 being only
739 being kept 63
being left 73 being
made 64 being rude
169 being used 80
being into 98 being
from 174 being into
191 being during 45
being from 76 being
here 73 being like
91 being must 58
being there 106 being
upon 159 being were
60 being what 285
being when 94 being
among 789 being here
73 being along 167
being also 82 being
during 172 being even
65 being from 522
being have 273 being
here 734 being into
181 being more 587
being most 184 being
must 444 being only
99 being over 226
being such 384 being
there 232 being very
72 being were 575
being when 251 being
will 475 being lost
72 being born 43
being used 88 being
when 47 being during
202 being even 51
being from 1921 being
have 110 being here
483 being into 2224
being more 91 being
must 60 being only
269 being over 96
being there 1290 being
were 200 being when
67 being will 89
being even 50 being
from 461 being into
42 being from 51
being held 44 being
when 106 being when
49 being born 97
being wide 83 being
into 76 being more
43 being from 83
being warm 90 being
from 254 being male
139 being among 54
being able 157 being
angry 53 being anti
58 being bold 49
being busy 132 being
clean 124 being clear
462 being cold 63
being dark 50 being
deep 80 being eager
215 being evil 42
being fair 44 being
fast 123 being felt
82 being fine 1063
being firm 61 being
fond 3202 being free
125 being full 194
being glad 98 being
good 2669 being great
375 being hard 1728
being heavy 451 being
high 1536 being keen
260 being kind 520
being like 108 being
loud 63 being made
42 being mild 72
being more 183 being
nice 252 being open
130 being pious 62
being poor 295 being
rare 86 being rich
1452 being rude 50
being safe 85 being
seen 76 being self
176 being slow 301
being snug 51 being
soft 103 being sure
41 being thick 88
being true 2139 being
trying 58 being used
82 being warm 110
being wary 49 being
well 8718 being wide
89 being wise 88
being worth 50 being
cold 76 being late
71 being poor 99
being during 141 being
from 550 being have
45 being into 50
being like 105 being
must 94 being next
56 being nude 181
being only 42 being
onto 41 being there
145 being upon 42
being wearing 197 being
were 113 being when
135 being will 130
being along 189 being
among 81 being down
678 being during 77
being from 4129 being
into 5291 being only
67 being onto 54
being over 729 being
upon 364 being when
170 being over 43
being when 108 being
used 226 being used
47 being back 61
being from 59 being
into 62 being from
147 being into 141
being from 76 being
only 199 being along
94 being into 126
being from 62 being
into 63 being from
81 being into 210
being into 154 being
back 53 being into
997 being from 128
being into 2365 being
from 136 being five
41 being four 42
being from 63 being
less 42 being more
47 being their 57
being those 88 being
three 104 being worth
46 being along 166
being from 92 being
into 347 being from
168 being from 92
being when 44 being
even 57 being from
151 being when 65
being clean 258 being
fair 438 being kept
110 being more 48
being made 77 being
tied 53 being told
207 being used 104
being from 45 being
into 58 being more
175 being born 63
being cast 42 being
held 119 being kept
68 being laid 77
being lost 96 being
made 1155 being much
51 being paid 66
being sent 135 being
sold 193 being used
355 being free 228
being less 1208 being
like 146 being more
2132 being nothing 42
being over 40 being
those 91 being true
299 being what 95
being bred 145 being
dealt 127 being done
745 being held 78
being kept 124 being
laid 69 being made
424 being sold 105
being sued 303 being
used 8049 being less
100 being made 48
being more 200 being
used 62 being able
130 being anti 88
being bold 54 being
clean 63 being clear
790 being cold 46
being deep 1546 being
done 70 being fast
58 being felt 46
being fine 183 being
firm 368 being free
255 being from 43
being full 187 being
good 276 being great
698 being hard 407
being heavy 164 being
high 2611 being kept
44 being like 435
being made 91 being
open 324 being paid
82 being pure 130
being rich 194 being
ripe 50 being safe
40 being self 236
being slow 54 being
soft 66 being sure
74 being tall 45
being thick 172 being
upon 47 being used
226 being warm 200
being well 3442 being
wide 373 being wise
86 being from 74
being onto 125 being
over 1066 being upon
2180 being kept 52
being from 202 being
more 145 being only
44 being into 63
being more 132 being
said 61 being used
101 being over 105
being from 209 being
only 104 being from
116 being into 477
being into 722 being
back 64 being from
3555 being here 63
being into 4869 being
onto 57 being when
79 being from 138
being used 99 being
busy 41 being thick
71 being high 171
being even 41 being
left 59 being such
40 being used 71
being what 141 being
when 46 being made
122 being rude 54
being rude 64 bias
into 72 bid high
132 big show 52
big came 49 big
camp 911 big have
56 big were 62
big when 157 big
work 67 big from
166 big made 66
big were 111 big
city 139 big took
75 big like 42
big were 45 big
will 41 big here
40 big when 145
big over 46 big
from 51 big down
66 big from 158
big over 47 big
dams 68 big have
83 big over 259
big were 90 big
from 58 big took
74 big bank 92
big city 51 big
deals 41 big drug
46 big firm 62
big loan 67 big
meet 44 big mining
53 big news 213
big race 44 big
star 81 big mark
99 big into 50
big room 43 big
areas 1180 big city
167 big firm 43
big dogs 41 big
have 266 big like
181 big such 88
big tend 56 big
were 103 big will
65 big bush 59
big were 54 big
have 64 big have
102 big like 44
big were 54 bit
code 517 bit over
59 bit when 311
bit data 2072 bit
port 254 bit over
61 bit when 1842
bit when 150 bit
from 78 bit when
42 boa from 124
boa have 70 boa
were 402 both their
119 both were 76
both their 367 both
their 59 both areas
56 both land 622
both work 67 both
have 576 both must
155 both open 169
both seem 153 both
were 753 both will
228 both were 288
both during 128 both
from 98 both have
177 both must 62
both used 58 both
were 727 both will
114 both file 113
both data 51 both
have 57 both were
185 both their 58
both theory 79 both
have 105 both were
205 both will 68
both time 91 both
their 228 both upon
74 both camp 61
both clear 42 both
have 41 both were
75 both time 77
both less 528 both
more 702 both their
54 both were 53
both have 166 both
must 51 both were
119 both will 66
both were 114 both
have 107 both were
101 both only 95
both life 111 both
theory 68 both from
133 both have 72
both were 74 both
were 63 both were
52 both their 196
both have 127 both
were 434 both from
49 both have 226
both took 45 both
were 418 both will
54 both from 43
both have 53 both
were 68 both will
49 both when 136
both from 116 both
theory 50 both have
510 both must 54
both show 85 both
were 222 both will
87 both laws 68
both more 92 both
have 98 both there
51 both were 151
both will 77 both
able 45 both fine
64 both good 159
both high 115 both
well 245 both areas
74 both data 851
both runs 45 both
work 271 both years
90 both died 59
both were 175 both
true 81 both among
94 both acid 1481
both acid 173 both
sons 61 both show
45 both there 103
both were 51 both
into 801 both into
40 both from 236
both hold 97 both
must 63 both true
74 both were 43
both were 55 both
care 84 both theory
44 both life 67
both work 97 both
test 113 both peace
70 both were 329
both were 60 both
have 224 both were
161 both will 60
both have 81 both
were 109 both theory
57 both from 106
both have 95 both
areas 457 both theory
199 both have 63
both were 51 both
have 121 both were
286 both data 210
both also 124 both
came 101 both during
115 both felt 66
both from 136 both
grew 43 both have
2122 both having 44
both held 51 both
into 122 both made
89 both make 43
both more 46 both
must 195 both need
63 both over 95
both seem 51 both
sent 43 both soon
50 both tend 42
both there 183 both
took 87 both used
93 both went 47
both were 3229 both
when 52 both will
464 both work 78
both arms 148 both
seats 73 both during
46 both feel 120
both from 130 both
gain 136 both have
972 both having 56
both into 53 both
know 279 both make
73 both more 86
both must 359 both
need 68 both play
84 both seem 65
both take 50 both
were 856 both when
47 both will 288
both work 47 both
fond 53 both good
67 both well 186
both have 87 both
were 97 both have
64 both were 347
both have 625 both
into 283 both must
122 both need 64
both seem 58 both
tend 42 both view
45 both were 302
both when 60 both
will 123 both have
118 both seem 45
both there 42 both
were 271 both have
127 both were 86
both film 94 both
have 56 both into
60 both were 72
both when 41 both
were 86 both have
190 both must 50
both were 266 both
data 530 both bind
50 both among 82
both have 80 both
hold 62 both were
271 both their 76
both health 55 both
have 129 both must
188 both were 227
both will 91 both
theory 48 both test
110 both file 47
both died 69 both
less 62 both more
155 both true 60
both used 74 both
clear 44 both high
119 both well 270
both upon 49 both
beings 58 both have
296 both were 159
both will 145 both
have 52 both were
180 both been 44
both male 127 both
over 102 both have
83 both will 64
both were 48 both
love 56 both during
67 both from 51
both have 383 both
there 166 both were
945 both will 84
boy shot 222 boy
died 191 boy tearing
44 bring back 68
bring into 102 bring
harm 68 bring from
223 bring upon 55
bring into 51 bring
fire 55 bring back
69 bring into 363
bring harm 44 bring
rain 48 bring sums
135 bring wealth 103
bring less 157 bring
more 628 bring from
72 bring into 59
bring upon 104 bring
upon 70 bring high
70 bring down 150
bring into 148 bring
into 56 bring harm
98 bring from 80
bring from 306 bring
into 94 bring into
47 bring fame 42
bring peace 157 bring
into 79 bring into
183 bring into 54
bring back 76 bring
from 67 bring into
183 bring from 103
bring ideas 92 bring
from 47 bring into
70 bring among 86
bring into 54 bring
ideas 50 bring into
63 bring back 47
bring into 341 bring
into 46 bring more
205 bring into 191
bring into 69 bring
down 197 bring land
112 bring back 97
bring down 1389 bring
into 59 bring into
42 bring upon 56
bus used 168 bus
will 54 but were
72 but from 108
but hearing 84 but
land 99 but left
274 but lost 49
but seeing 63 but
shot 101 but taking
53 but took 53
but their 44 but
fact 154 but more
216 but much 354
but nothing 3171 but
only 261 but their
165 but very 292
but what 72 but
less 117 but nothing
336 but very 48
but what 50 but
have 60 but were
46 but having 69
but only 205 but
some 71 but their
369 but there 69
but also 48 but
only 105 but some
53 but their 173
but from 74 but
only 50 but their
106 but land 286
but work 130 but
have 98 but such
156 but were 117
but will 43 but
more 173 but made
98 but must 49
but were 123 but
were 46 but lest
84 but only 68
but from 41 but
have 47 but were
110 but more 40
but more 138 but
have 147 but also
40 but will 80
but made 43 but
more 149 but very
57 but only 43
but book 86 but
text 54 but tone
256 but work 55
but have 44 but
tone 79 but were
53 but kept 69
but among 58 but
also 58 but form
108 but great 77
but have 76 but
making 48 but more
89 but such 44
but their 359 but
there 247 but these
267 but very 89
but upon 165 but
have 887 but were
66 but from 42
but were 144 but
from 45 but nothing
157 but only 110
but some 46 but
their 91 but among
146 but from 84
but must 155 but
will 70 but pity
54 but from 185
but have 233 but
soon 46 but such
286 but were 155
but also 46 but
nothing 68 but only
139 but along 109
but among 65 but
food 41 but into
256 but more 970
but most 348 but
only 139 but their
760 but upon 1127
but work 40 but
more 784 but most
43 but only 284
but upon 325 but
must 42 but upon
106 but more 251
but other 53 but
there 111 but very
116 but there 103
but only 68 but
upon 63 but data
68 but will 99
but work 93 but
must 79 but only
40 but also 176
but less 109 but
more 217 but when
54 but aids 41
but areas 491 but
body 40 but care
858 but data 130
but depth 104 but
gain 50 but harm
71 but help 93
but lack 45 but
length 120 but loss
289 but more 125
but pain 128 but
part 126 but risk
105 but room 86
but self 134 but
sums 322 but tact
52 but time 2180
but wealth 68 but
when 68 but work
728 but ahead 110
but from 44 but
less 20572 but more
23862 but north 61
but over 132 but
worn 44 but also
107 but from 47
but must 2555 but
will 522 but during
56 but fail 91
but from 213 but
good 115 but have
51 but high 160
but less 298 but
lost 40 but made
48 but more 350
but over 416 but
used 65 but uses
58 but wrong 62
but into 105 but
their 99 but will
55 but role 77
but work 128 but
were 65 but food
54 but from 114
but only 275 but
only 93 but hand
256 but life 153
but ones 57 but
poets 53 but work
62 but pity 42
but during 113 but
from 416 but into
101 but moving 69
but over 242 but
rising 49 but great
54 but when 60
but came 48 but
from 1268 but have
83 but made 44
but must 70 but
were 297 but will
50 but book 479
but ideas 45 but
part 53 but role
99 but theory 97
but view 41 but
work 175 but left
42 but were 107
but more 144 but
must 52 but into
108 but from 72
but more 92 but
over 58 but their
65 but very 48
but were 42 but
from 43 but gave
59 but held 112
but into 68 but
kept 484 but leave
44 but left 695
but made 259 but
sets 65 but shut
50 but took 78
but trying 45 but
used 193 but went
83 but cool 75
but have 48 but
fact 80 but more
45 but true 53
but wrong 49 but
also 53 but fact
58 but less 49
but more 167 but
only 159 but some
82 but their 291
but what 56 but
also 70 but nothing
52 but only 121
but some 103 but
their 85 but what
99 but only 44
but will 54 but
into 48 but along
52 but during 369
but from 124 but
have 255 but over
63 but such 86
but there 40 but
were 242 but from
55 but into 168
but also 71 but
have 662 but having
78 but must 65
but only 133 but
over 113 but seem
55 but soon 383
but were 3150 but
will 229 but among
144 but over 544
but love 120 but
many 45 but over
42 but those 56
but when 165 but
from 103 but wrong
50 but soon 59
but leave 77 but
from 1623 but face
41 but during 121
but from 61 but
their 120 but when
173 but only 132
but hand 56 but
from 63 but young
45 but into 68
but were 101 but
from 135 but over
40 but from 105
but were 112 but
less 111 but more
197 but most 42
but were 73 but
more 41 but also
67 but less 337
but more 508 but
most 43 but much
41 but poor 253
but self 89 but
their 80 but there
131 but these 49
but tied 49 but
very 275 but also
56 but deny 55
but said 60 but
told 57 but were
53 but able 114
but also 65 but
clean 49 but clear
90 but deep 113
but fair 41 but
fine 144 but good
333 but heavy 71
but high 240 but
other 93 but rare
55 but rich 95
but there 150 but
well 852 but have
64 but rose 43
but were 219 but
data 2072 but work
931 but during 53
but from 40 but
from 86 but from
266 but means 47
but from 71 but
their 51 but there
118 but also 53
but have 221 but
high 46 but less
127 but more 347
but most 264 but
only 106 but such
115 but their 88
but there 734 but
these 170 but true
127 but very 131
but well 40 but
were 43 but along
53 but from 44
but into 67 but
acid 1516 but acid
306 but more 70
but birth 57 but
means 64 but from
103 but have 58
but were 53 but
will 57 but case
192 but clean 412
but kept 237 but
vain 42 but mind
43 but veil 66
but wall 225 but
young 224 but also
51 but came 82
but have 561 but
made 79 but must
54 but over 41
but upon 112 but
were 763 but will
154 but from 148
but rock 44 but
used 50 but used
48 but name 55
but ones 46 but
when 152 but evil
40 but more 147
but fears 114 but
also 250 but only
103 but some 43
but there 137 but
upon 79 but tree
45 but less 572
but more 4172 but
ways 56 but from
65 but data 76
but shod 47 but
when 75 but into
3139 but many 343
but more 46 but
much 49 but only
107 but other 52
but some 495 but
their 46 but also
49 but into 104
but many 183 but
more 127 but much
123 but other 73
but some 334 but
into 251 but lazy
59 but many 137
but more 48 but
came 41 but from
753 but hall 44
but will 104 but
from 87 but food
73 but fact 584
but truth 67 but
there 66 but true
42 but bond 55
but felt 51 but
heard 178 but knew
68 but reach 47
but seen 403 but
what 163 but less
134 but more 119
but most 41 but
none 69 but their
93 but these 59
but very 113 but
luck 106 but dumb
1633 but fact 204
but cord 79 but
string 78 but from
87 but tied 78
but from 78 but
heard 45 but seen
180 but true 140
but used 2569 but
from 49 but vain
138 but like 132
but care 86 but
life 45 but dull
54 but care 42
but cash 82 but
data 1116 but food
94 but means 317
but part 99 but
step 562 but time
470 but when 92
but work 176 but
face 81 but life
337 but ones 62
but work 93 but
also 51 but from
114 but having 93
but must 65 but
will 84 but form
70 but only 128
but kept 50 but
left 181 but from
419 but pain 45
but fame 64 but
news 46 but ones
115 but peace 88
but have 50 but
were 68 but areas
408 but ideas 61
but sets 260 but
ways 540 but were
51 but among 379
but here 77 but
their 100 but were
46 but were 77
but from 41 but
their 45 but into
185 but soon 45
but will 453 but
lode 43 but means
42 but urge 97
but when 103 but
down 59 but from
114 but into 72
but moving 53 but
over 41 but true
63 but loss 41
but have 93 but
more 43 but mars
60 but along 42
but from 99 but
into 55 but have
58 but were 57
but have 55 but
aims 41 but have
190 but taking 46
but took 43 but
ones 43 but truth
50 but clean 103
but areas 105 but
left 51 but none
102 but only 88
but there 277 but
have 237 but made
42 but must 53
but were 303 but
will 65 but more
113 but some 61
but what 47 but
great 40 but have
49 but many 199
but much 127 but
some 192 but such
1766 but their 5370
but there 214 but
these 6131 but those
379 but very 42
but what 447 but
your 170 but poor
77 but from 55
but data 117 but
more 96 but also
124 but have 194
but like 298 but
must 150 but need
83 but such 183
but were 82 but
hand 85 but from
120 but more 51
but also 147 but
from 59 but have
145 but must 211
but need 44 but
were 1176 but will
134 but only 76
but only 48 but
also 42 but will
41 but along 335
but also 498 but
among 2312 but boys
65 but clear 88
but during 3579 but
early 53 but fine
92 but fond 41
but from 6406 but
gold 199 but good
327 but great 56
but hard 391 but
heavy 105 but here
251 but high 218
but into 298 but
john 71 but just
101 but like 40
but miss 69 but
more 147 but once
41 but ones 48
but ours 48 but
over 1031 but paul
44 but poor 85
but rich 120 but
some 169 but south
47 but such 264
but their 498 but
there 114 but these
133 but those 8343
but true 282 but
upon 1115 but used
77 but well 1046
but what 194 but
when 7429 but wish
124 but young 256
but your 231 but
were 325 but paid
42 but pays 45
but will 549 but
from 119 but high
70 but into 93
but made 120 but
over 136 but there
49 but have 72
but also 74 but
have 1379 but know
48 but like 155
but such 50 but
were 106 but will
73 but from 151
but ones 47 but
have 151 but have
76 but must 61
but were 50 but
also 120 but have
343 but must 155
but need 183 but
were 49 but will
66 but from 87
but into 40 but
from 44 but when
67 but ideas 99
but over 95 but
from 44 but from
104 but were 55
but girl 162 but
were 63 but also
51 but rose 60
but will 75 but
from 60 but have
125 but like 92
but must 85 but
need 57 but were
55 but will 41
but only 52 but
have 89 but down
44 but data 999
but work 57 but
were 72 but most
48 but only 88
but there 337 but
form 334 but from
71 but when 73
but when 268 but
were 89 but among
295 but have 77
but were 221 but
into 87 but moving
46 but over 114
but their 222 but
were 210 but have
42 but vary 160
but were 71 but
will 93 but leaving
70 but said 108
but acts 41 but
ideas 84 but step
48 but work 46
but there 46 but
will 85 but data
48 but form 40
but from 141 but
ones 50 but when
47 but work 54
but were 40 but
clean 1335 but fair
393 but just 113
but kept 157 but
rich 43 but have
130 but must 46
but were 83 but
will 50 but among
43 but were 41
but were 61 but
also 135 but among
44 but during 65
but from 464 but
here 51 but into
74 but made 41
but only 49 but
over 121 but said
45 but says 57
but their 58 but
there 40 but those
453 but upon 131
but used 50 but
what 226 but when
100 but from 128
but test 72 but
have 108 but were
44 but more 305
but there 42 but
very 118 but also
78 but there 55
but their 68 but
came 56 but were
191 but also 686
but came 704 but
come 46 but died
503 but dies 94
but during 96 but
even 87 but fail
99 but fall 49
but fell 845 but
felt 64 but find
95 but four 97
but from 167 but
gave 459 but grew
102 but have 385
but having 50 but
held 276 but laid
47 but leave 43
but left 852 but
less 49 but lose
75 but losing 41
but lost 1543 but
made 792 but many
221 but more 696
but most 210 but
much 460 but only
543 but other 201
but paid 137 but
rise 42 but rose
353 but said 98
but sank 41 but
sent 190 but show
123 but sold 444
but some 241 but
such 106 but their
440 but there 1862
but these 380 but
those 91 but three
60 but told 64
but took 590 but
upon 42 but used
314 but very 76
but went 760 but
were 793 but when
403 but will 119
but also 45 but
from 79 but just
41 but less 3332
but more 2692 but
over 90 but there
159 but these 81
but true 261 but
what 44 but were
52 but held 180
but made 60 but
used 117 but from
73 but more 57
but over 56 but
able 46 but clear
633 but deep 531
but early 157 but
fast 184 but firm
257 but free 84
but full 249 but
good 314 but great
126 but hard 233
but heavy 89 but
high 1043 but like
438 but loud 217
but open 158 but
pure 78 but rich
114 but self 114
but slow 73 but
soft 70 but thick
126 but warm 122
but well 2062 but
wide 215 but young
48 but into 47
but more 84 but
seen 42 but true
67 but upon 57
but what 53 but
over 157 but upon
670 but beings 278
but fears 56 but
uses 74 but from
86 but their 204
but these 104 but
true 63 but very
46 but drop 167
but fall 50 but
have 52 but must
43 but over 78
but vary 175 but
were 253 but will
46 but there 60
but have 222 but
most 112 but only
176 but their 54
but there 269 but
these 86 but used
47 but were 40
but into 101 but
into 57 but from
114 but into 247
but more 90 but
rich 40 but from
72 but when 94
but high 117 but
dream 59 but goal
246 but ideal 770
but data 88 but
love 535 but held
105 but there 124
but used 49 but
land 622 but mind
217 but soil 65
but date 60 but
also 58 but among
188 but rose 209
but will 149 but
high 55 but self
104 but there 62
but well 55 but
eggs 126 but have
149 but were 100
but aura 60 but
creak 53 but echo
81 but fact 117
but form 208 but
hint 102 but line
51 but look 78
but loss 46 but
note 111 but odor
216 but pink 47
but sign 82 but
threat 85 but tone
48 but ways 186
but when 126 but
clear 183 but firm
51 but from 130
but into 40 but
made 54 but taking
76 but there 514
but home 80 but
young 123 but work
40 but pain 43
but risk 54 but
gain 164 but face
60 but young 79
but bids 40 but
coup 77 but hunt
60 but move 45
but ones 70 but
plan 49 but race
85 but raid 64
but when 81 but
work 66 buy land
1042 buy from 131
buy less 368 buy
more 1215 buy from
161 buy seats 42
buy from 50 buy
there 69 buy from
107 buy from 57
buy more 360 buy