jabbed at 4582 jabbed in
1270 jabbed on 62 jabbed
to 73 jabbed in 119
jabbed at 497 jabbed in
231 jacket of 45 jacket
of 54 jacket to 47
jammed in 113 jammed in
40 jammed in 73 jammed
of 67 jealous to 54
jerked at 173 jerked in
49 jerked at 85 jerked
to 52 jerked in 65
jerked at 73 jerked of
89 jerked at 4246 jerked
in 1490 jerked to 288
jerked up 136 jogged or
47 joined at 53 joined
in 91 joined of 4333
joined of 63 joined of
835 joined of 83 joined
of 89 joined of 73
joined at 68 joined in
135 joined of 322 joined
or 117 joined of 309
joined in 46 joined or
41 joined in 42 joined
of 45 joined in 164
joined of 639 joined of
140 joined of 235 joined
of 718 joined of 220
joined of 320 joined at
58 joined of 975 joined
of 290 joined of 154
joined of 66 joined of
53 joined or 48 joined
of 164 joined of 287
joined of 199 joined of
51 joined to 149 joined
of 66 joined of 130
joined of 151 joined at
56 joined in 56 joined
of 41 joined the 76
joined of 226 joined of
81 joined of 401 joined
of 156 joined to 81
joined in 128 joined of
72 joined or 181 joined
of 257 joined of 109
jotted in 83 jotted of
65 jotted to 47 jotted
in 264 jotted on 578
jotted to 732 jousts be
41 joyous as 45 judged
by 94 judged in 44
judged of 74 judged of
59 judged or 49 judged
thing 49 judged of 75
judged of 59 judged by
47 judged of 76 judged
in 60 judged to 176
judged of 336 judged be
61 judges by 94 judges
of 49 judges of 125
judges of 216 juggle of
46 juggling of 51 juggling
of 66 juggling of 51
jumped of 58 jumped as
56 jumped at 60 jumped
in 554 jumped or 48
jumped of 51 jumped as
91 jumped in 49 jumped
of 58 jumped or 96
jurors of 60 justly of