macro file 941 major
came 69 major during
389 major from 62
major have 401 major
made 129 major over
64 major such 49
major were 1040 major
will 65 major have
111 major areas 1381
major crop 1223 major
land 217 major pest
316 major show 46
major uses 59 major
work 68 major zone
52 major have 151
major open 119 major
were 174 major will
52 major from 55
major have 42 major
made 149 major were
283 major bill 87
major find 43 major
site 98 major work
110 major during 146
major over 42 major
during 42 major were
95 major from 386
major have 215 major
were 656 major will
143 major data 61
major tool 53 major
work 42 major have
40 major have 88
major like 74 major
such 259 major were
61 major have 45
major over 52 major
were 66 major work
43 major from 73
major have 176 major
were 140 major have
54 major line 46
major link 269 major
media 202 major tool
169 major among 46
major during 271 major
from 384 major have
441 major seen 69
major such 690 major
were 993 major when
79 major will 49
major cost 79 major
task 168 major areas
83 major camp 188
major upon 45 major
came 152 major over
501 major took 237
major when 69 major
will 54 major have
54 major were 42
major flow 66 major
from 100 major have
92 major were 124
major when 75 major
will 54 major think
50 major among 104
major during 387 major
even 42 major from
169 major here 745
major leading 82 major
must 406 major only
104 major when 3011
major will 423 major
were 48 major during
57 major from 83
major have 206 major
like 48 major only
123 major such 160
major were 360 major
will 57 major such
45 major were 72
major role 132 major
work 43 major role
45 major were 47
major health 46 major
poets 223 major theme
51 major theory 62
major work 103 major
here 73 major came
244 major come 141
major coming 128 major
during 297 major from
2391 major have 1248
major here 52 major
made 1325 major over
100 major were 2245
major will 160 major
during 59 major from
117 major have 195
major such 67 major
were 688 major will
65 major role 250
major risk 111 major
city 97 major have
53 major were 184
major body 42 major
took 65 major from
55 major have 616
major such 53 major
were 432 major heads
46 major have 43
major were 93 major
along 77 major also
50 major among 58
major came 130 major
during 1084 major from
382 major have 2431
major here 58 major
leading 119 major like
185 major made 78
major over 337 major
seem 57 major such
502 major take 76
major taking 217 major
there 75 major took
650 major were 1251
major will 346 major
ahead 43 major came
40 major during 301
major even 59 major
facing 978 major from
137 major have 664
major here 216 major
into 43 major lies
85 major must 89
major over 124 major
seem 86 major stem
55 major such 163
major were 1161 major
when 547 major will
255 major such 51
major were 48 major
during 42 major from
165 major here 109
major lies 321 major
over 78 major when
525 major among 442
major over 526 major
areas 103 major along
82 major have 132
major like 44 major
such 41 major were
159 major will 53
major during 88 major
from 66 major have
115 major like 45
major such 495 major
took 64 major were
146 major upon 42
major work 43 major
have 42 major over
83 major from 59
major have 88 major
like 50 major such
192 major were 272
major will 62 major
data 54 major tool
74 major work 141
major body 46 major
health 53 major role
106 major unit 59
major from 58 major
dams 174 major came
74 major during 157
major from 110 major
have 1220 major made
383 major must 49
major over 953 major
such 165 major took
58 major were 1499
major will 288 major
cell 55 major have
44 major such 122
major were 125 major
areas 315 major base
68 major form 137
major goal 56 major
means 66 major role
76 major step 51
major areas 88 major
goal 136 major tool
98 major role 64
major work 90 major
debt 183 major role
41 major task 194
major theme 41 major
work 68 major coup
179 major test 156
major from 203 major
arms 144 major arts
61 major auto 64
major bank 1723 major
body 170 major book
261 major city 524
major data 59 major
deals 69 major debt
144 major drug 501
major fair 111 major
film 452 major firm
1070 major food 137
major fora 251 major
health 270 major hits
41 major hubs 83
major loan 249 major
media 268 major mining
113 major news 906
major ones 50 major
peace 125 major port
1074 major race 54
major radio 175 major
rating 137 major road
45 major role 436
major show 48 major
star 272 major threat
71 major tour 67
major union 123 major
wars 407 major wire
62 major work 42
major areas 68 major
along 99 major were
59 major have 52
major into 66 major
such 108 major used
61 major were 79
major text 48 major
into 1224 major have
58 major were 43
major among 101 major
have 48 major such
73 major were 249
major will 44 major
port 473 major poets
54 major work 50
major used 78 major
like 40 major such
50 major areas 38106
major city 1986 major
health 63 major during
116 major from 83
major have 388 major
into 60 major made
183 major must 95
major over 52 major
such 51 major were
875 major when 40
major will 114 major
arms 68 major bank
137 major drug 44
major firm 221 major
food 54 major were
62 major from 63
major have 478 major
like 161 major such
494 major were 338
major will 65 major
during 44 major from
71 major have 180
major must 51 major
such 45 major were
598 major will 68
major from 64 major
were 45 major from
138 major have 139
major used 49 major
from 126 major have
182 major such 73
major were 58 major
have 46 major role
579 major from 50
major have 42 major
were 73 major were
71 major during 121
major have 44 major
were 260 major were
53 major deals 53
major areas 56 major
have 110 major were
264 major drug 53
major drug 125 major
must 89 major among
263 major were 72
major acts 60 major
during 126 major into
43 major plan 138
major took 250 major
will 54 major from
53 major upon 70
major were 45 major
health 96 major from
62 major have 94
major must 152 major
such 47 major were
228 major will 66
major role 48 major
task 46 major from
227 major from 61
major have 187 major
must 43 major such
41 major were 492
major will 78 major
also 57 major among
69 major during 266
major even 66 major
from 255 major have
137 major here 183
major lies 293 major
only 196 major such
51 major were 265
major when 389 major
will 132 major among
101 major from 85
major have 105 major
such 127 major were
111 major will 73
major test 156 major
have 52 major must
49 major were 216
major have 81 major
beings 44 major have
58 major used 176
major have 64 major
leading 102 major like
49 major such 86
major were 277 major
such 87 major used
76 major unit 58
major during 50 major
news 65 major also
77 major during 100
major from 117 major
have 1304 major like
363 major such 368
major there 104 major
were 729 major will
133 makes from 66
makes from 55 makes
among 41 makes more
46 makes among 370
makes even 123 makes
from 51 makes less
264 makes more 2714
makes much 138 makes
very 135 makes more
89 makes more 101
makes play 271 makes
less 1076 makes more
3100 makes life 58
makes from 137 makes
here 49 makes into
59 makes only 386
makes over 45 makes
clear 407 makes clear
440 makes good 93
makes work 77 makes
from 129 makes acid
147 makes upon 325
makes such 42 makes
clear 88 makes ideas
42 makes life 54
makes work 59 makes
many 43 makes much
44 makes such 109
makes their 93 makes
what 742 makes into
93 makes more 351
makes tick 171 makes
work 205 makes clear
102 makes feel 308
makes more 318 makes
more 161 makes clear
1400 makes good 1363
makes heavy 181 makes
high 52 makes work
141 makes work 61
makes more 151 makes
among 59 makes last
46 makes more 125
makes work 419 makes
feel 46 makes less
121 makes more 410
makes clear 1359 makes
less 111 makes oral
70 makes clear 1370
males have 61 males
have 44 males among
99 males over 79
males have 113 manly
among 46 manly from
46 manly were 61
manning were 50 mapping
among 107 march into
268 march from 95
march down 97 march
from 223 march into
1020 march over 85
marking prior 77 marks
only 68 match fell
54 match from 101
match made 95 match
data 1225 match well
318 match well 148
maybe less 102 maybe
more 107 maybe into
156 meager from 45
meager from 73 meager
data 250 meager data
55 meanings into 74
median rating 62 median
test 57 median rate
92 meeting nothing 256
meeting also 46 meeting
from 116 meeting have
241 meeting must 90
meeting were 588 meeting
will 265 meeting were
62 meeting from 95
meeting such 45 meeting
held 153 meeting took
149 meets when 49
melting iron 99 melting
from 384 melting have
300 melting must 59
melting range 66 melting
ranging 138 melting such
121 melting were 800
melting will 74 merge
into 189 merge into
65 merge into 80
merging into 51 merit
more 368 merit during
43 merit even 51
merit from 342 merit
here 1118 merit only
196 merit when 802
merit into 120 merit
ranging 1137 merit were
41 metal from 66
metal data 162 metal
from 167 metal over
45 metal range 117
metal were 105 metal
will 124 metal from
764 metal have 41
metal into 44 metal
such 306 metal will
51 metal land 143
metal site 109 metal
soil 714 metal during
143 metal from 1098
metal have 55 metal
from 43 metal into
116 metal into 195
metal from 70 metal
have 87 metal were
103 metal from 137
metal from 61 metal
from 44 metal pure
41 metal were 185
metal will 54 method
more 153 method from
112 method gave 63
method over 44 method
used 90 method here
191 method used 43
method into 111 method
many 54 method some
46 method well 316
method when 73 method
used 84 method used
376 method used 2955
might bite 49 might
break 158 might bump
130 might come 691
might drop 375 might
fall 418 might find
248 might give 165
might have 912 might
hurt 363 might kick
48 might kill 190
might learn 88 might
leave 91 might look
41 might lose 64
might make 208 might
meet 220 might move
53 might open 144
might pass 69 might
pick 65 might pull
100 might reach 60
might roll 49 might
slip 126 might step
309 might take 113
might tell 44 might
throw 47 might trip
45 might turn 100
might type 123 might
call 579 might come
106 might find 68
might give 84 might
have 4054 might make
130 might play 68
might seek 43 might
speak 81 might take
322 might term 94
might many 70 might
other 57 might some
108 might such 310
might their 297 might
these 486 might those
48 might what 84
might your 48 might
their 105 might call
88 might have 97
might feel 47 might
find 64 might have
823 might seem 47
might take 50 might
have 84 might speak
76 might have 360
might hold 95 might
make 59 might treat
52 might call 459
might come 75 might
find 80 might have
1181 might hold 46
might land 123 might
make 93 might meet
49 might pass 72
might speak 51 might
take 244 might tend
89 might term 43
might give 48 might
have 297 might keep
40 might make 110
might plan 101 might
seek 157 might take
89 might among 120
might into 129 might
their 56 might these
86 might those 56
might some 177 might
among 159 might more
97 might from 54
might into 403 might
call 54 might have
64 might pass 40
might rise 41 might
have 233 might have
197 might help 56
might make 52 might
note 54 might have
66 might feel 40
might have 214 might
take 45 might think
40 might have 58
might call 604 might
come 111 might draw
142 might fall 49
might feel 217 might
find 94 might give
100 might have 2545
might hold 103 might
hope 181 might look
80 might make 392
might need 61 might
play 61 might seek
194 might speak 127
might stop 71 might
take 852 might think
65 might want 121
might wish 206 might
burn 51 might into
200 might come 50
might have 55 might
turn 53 might some
43 might such 80
might their 120 might
these 57 might what
333 might your 191
might their 101 might
have 199 might their
132 might have 126
might like 65 might
need 49 might note
78 might show 62
might want 86 might
wish 76 might find
66 might have 941
might make 118 might
over 56 might grow
59 might call 333
might have 300 might
hope 148 might take
45 might have 187
might have 50 might
have 53 might take
43 might think 41
might come 436 might
fail 41 might fall
56 might find 157
might form 237 might
give 135 might have
1650 might join 52
might lose 49 might
make 324 might need
82 might pass 70
might seek 68 might
sell 42 might show
53 might take 241
might turn 120 might
want 96 might wish
110 might yearn 69
might cope 83 might
defy 139 might have
1439 might hide 51
might hold 42 might
keep 55 might make
99 might meet 98
might pass 73 might
plead 120 might rise
56 might take 93
might work 82 might
fall 56 might have
60 might show 48
might have 126 might
look 80 might seem
734 might have 58
might live 57 might
steal 50 might work
69 might have 351
might give 63 might
have 424 might make
56 might pull 41
might come 252 might
fall 54 might find
116 might give 56
might have 61 might
meet 122 might turn
66 miles from 58
miles from 440 miles
from 305 miles from
1476 miles north 150
miles south 154 miles
were 44 miles west
67 miles from 574
miles from 272 minds
upon 88 minds over
48 minds firm 101
minds open 54 minds
well 84 minor were
136 minor more 55
minor from 73 minor
have 138 minor such
313 minor were 357
minor from 56 minor
were 47 minor when
462 minor were 121
minor also 40 minor
from 113 minor have
164 minor like 73
minor must 46 minor
such 738 minor were
166 minor will 96
minor from 53 minor
poets 63 minor from
1575 minor were 71
minor role 43 minor
were 58 minor have
47 minor such 41
minor were 45 minor
will 66 minor during
49 minor from 58
minor have 153 minor
into 54 minor over
73 minor such 91
minor were 369 minor
when 72 minor will
123 minor such 49
minor were 54 minor
among 87 minor into
51 minor over 269
minor among 42 minor
during 86 minor from
99 minor have 84
minor such 203 minor
took 72 minor were
199 minor when 87
minor will 54 minor
such 74 minor were
98 minor post 57
minor from 42 minor
such 50 minor during
57 minor from 71
minor have 752 minor
here 73 minor made
246 minor over 284
minor such 361 minor
upon 50 minor were
1208 minor will 160
minor have 78 minor
will 79 minor from
117 minor during 51
minor from 215 minor
were 86 minor areas
78 minor also 64
minor during 154 minor
from 1127 minor have
1240 minor here 180
minor into 169 minor
made 454 minor must
122 minor need 61
minor only 128 minor
over 198 minor such
352 minor these 100
minor were 2424 minor
when 141 minor will
332 minor have 62
minor over 42 minor
such 40 minor were
41 minor from 59
minor were 58 minor
were 48 minor were
41 minor among 55
minor during 73 minor
from 135 minor have
59 minor here 67
minor only 94 minor
were 109 minor when
733 minor beings 125
minor such 126 minor
used 73 miser will
92 missing data 58
mixed test 127 mixed
land 173 mixed held
49 mixed from 204
mixed cell 1006 mixed
were 50 mixed were
60 modal such 45
model farm 286 model
more 42 model upon
71 model camp 618
model used 46 model
more 206 model over
52 model some 80
model what 88 model
farm 113 model among
104 model have 92
model data 500 model
farm 73 model from
152 model into 505
model many 54 model
data 127 model five
76 model four 154
model ideas 41 model
many 321 model more
383 model most 122
model only 330 model
some 282 model such
113 model these 190
model three 695 model
time 51 model here
147 model into 54
model were 57 model
well 542 model among
338 model peking 109
model also 116 model
from 165 model have
120 model must 113
model test 290 model
used 175 model were
133 model when 40
model will 339 model
used 63 model well
246 model used 148
modem have 125 modem
have 125 modem string
1053 modem have 163
modem have 89 moist
such 179 moist acid
75 molar range 207
molar ratio 803 molar
will 206 molar acid
4625 money less 88
money must 63 money
only 198 money paid
107 money over 40
money during 47 money
from 1434 money have
209 money made 170
money were 648 money
will 104 money from
61 money were 327
money from 52 money
made 43 money were
128 money will 132
money from 143 money
were 97 money have
45 money were 45
money paid 109 money
gets 46 months were
64 months plus 57
months were 59 months
came 81 months from
176 months were 76
months there 43 moral
have 57 moral from
48 moral have 42
moral were 111 moral
also 67 moral among
179 moral came 56
moral from 433 moral
have 118 moral into
212 moral leads 61
moral lies 47 moral
means 103 moral more
119 moral must 560
moral only 67 moral
over 106 moral sees
47 moral sets 119
moral there 298 moral
upon 69 moral were
121 moral when 123
moral will 310 moral
flow 51 moral from
206 moral have 77
moral were 309 moral
will 91 moral from
218 moral have 42
moral here 46 moral
into 62 moral must
77 moral only 64
moral when 54 moral
will 113 moral from
145 moral were 83
moral have 61 moral
seem 67 moral were
105 moral among 105
moral over 106 moral
will 51 moral upon
42 moral from 249
moral will 66 moral
among 98 moral gets
44 moral also 41
moral even 68 moral
from 249 moral lies
62 moral must 169
moral only 76 moral
there 74 moral upon
58 moral were 48
moral when 64 moral
will 68 moral from
47 moral have 50
moral into 49 moral
also 65 moral among
81 moral been 54
moral call 215 moral
even 103 moral find
70 moral from 455
moral have 5099 moral
hold 71 moral into
121 moral knew 74
moral like 935 moral
made 40 moral make
109 moral much 89
moral must 140 moral
need 56 moral over
67 moral seem 150
moral speak 55 moral
such 539 moral take
104 moral tend 98
moral think 125 moral
took 51 moral want
55 moral were 535
moral when 47 moral
whom 68 moral will
334 moral from 63
moral have 158 moral
were 52 moral over
48 moral were 56
moral from 128 moral
have 71 moral must
56 moral were 55
moral over 86 moral
among 226 moral from
114 moral have 88
moral into 60 moral
made 57 moral must
178 moral upon 47
moral were 159 moral
will 57 moral from
46 moral into 94
moral even 119 moral
from 540 moral have
40 moral into 107
moral just 61 moral
lies 167 moral must
85 moral only 365
moral over 42 moral
upon 47 moral were
92 moral when 210
moral will 96 moral
make 45 morning were
104 morning were 40
morning were 66 morning
have 121 morning early
56 morning were 335
mother pain 48 mother
have 48 mother died
72 mother gave 62
mother sued 47 mother
came 45 mother died
56 motif into 151
motion from 326 motion
rate 108 motion over
93 motion made 76
motion upon 140 motor
their 91 motor have
102 motor such 222
motor were 133 motor
will 102 motor have
152 motor such 102
motor were 48 motor
from 132 motor also
134 motor during 103
motor from 43 motor
have 409 motor seen
84 motor such 636
motor were 507 motor
when 96 motor during
63 motor will 114
motor such 133 motor
were 106 moved into
1795 moved even 130
moved were 58 moved
ahead 74 moved away
229 moved during 64
moved from 296 moved
more 190 moved away
58 moved from 54
moved along 283 moved
back 42 moved during
89 moved from 428
moved into 49 moved
over 269 moved past
170 moved from 49
moved from 45 moved
from 81 moved into
91 moved along 51
moved away 101 moved
back 67 moved down
82 moved from 169
moved into 94 moved
over 70 moved into
40 moved away 219
moved from 219 moved
into 99 moved along
107 moved among 89
moved from 505 moved
into 301 moved over
93 moved from 171
moved along 574 moved
away 74 moved back
96 moved during 41
moved from 326 moved
into 107 moved over
206 moved past 50
moved when 59 moved
from 60 moved into
59 moved along 444
moved away 194 moved
down 711 moved from
113 moved into 149
moved over 77 moved
past 111 moved upon
52 moved along 139
moved from 175 moved
into 83 moved like
84 moved over 268
moved over 59 moved
along 44 moved from
102 moved into 92
moved over 43 moved
into 46 moved over
179 moved along 163
moved among 44 moved
away 131 moved down
123 moved from 74
moved into 83 moved
over 56 moved ahead
49 moved along 47
moved down 108 moved
from 123 moved into
68 moved over 49
moved away 42 moved
from 51 moved from
130 moved into 85
moved from 59 moved
into 116 moved ahead
47 moved away 174
moved from 124 moved
into 112 moved from
310 moved into 477
moved from 487 moved
into 141 moved over
63 moved ahead 44
moved away 62 moved
from 42 moved into
84 moved along 42
moved into 40 moves
into 174 moves more
268 moves from 108
moves along 483 moves
back 108 moves down
223 moves during 125
moves from 1152 moves
into 111 moves over
348 moves past 169
moves from 111 moves
from 178 moves from
189 moves from 984
moves into 138 moves
from 41 moves along
1242 moves away 183
moves back 105 moves
from 1138 moves into
181 moves over 836
moves past 184 moves
along 302 moves from
89 moves from 99
moves from 170 moves
from 230 moves away
40 moves from 378
moves fast 115 moves
into 80 moves from
202 movie have 49
mucus test 449 music
into 44 music into
239 music have 168
music such 121 music
were 121 music well
50 music during 95
music from 192 music
have 111 music take
53 music were 337
music over 43 music
from 81 music well
106 myriad among 60